Applying AI in Market Analytics, various Supply Chain Entities to help our clients make better decisions to reduce costs and increase profits.   Read my blog for better understanding of how we do that and the whole pipeline of implementing AI in Market Analytics.
Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working experience in the Artificial Intelligence field, my expertise in technologies such as Python, R, SQL, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Tableau, Computer Vision, Pandas, NumPy, Sklearn, Flask
I am a Computer Science Graduate with a major in Data Science and experience in Predictive Machine Learning models and Data Pre-Processing. I have 1+ of experience in data wrangling, analysis and prediction using Python.,
I am a data scientist, cookie baker, hacker, and coffee-lover working at MassMutual in the Data Science Development Program.     Link to HackHer413: www.hackher413.com  Check out my website or GitHub for work samples: www.katie-house.com www.github.com/katiehouse3,
With a keen interest in statistics from a young age, I have completed my undergraduate B.Sc. degree in Economics, Mathematics and Statistics, securing the first rank. I also pursued my Master's in Data Science in Liverpool, UK as a recipient of the British Council India 70th Anniversary Scholarship. I graduated with an overall distinction, including a distinction for my Master's dissertation.   My primary interest has always remained in sports, and the vast applications of data analytics in this field continued to become apparent during the course of my studies. This inspired me to focus my Master's thesis on the development of a live sports analysis model, using semantic analysis of web-casting text commentary for live detection of events and momentum shifts.  While pursuing my degrees, I have also completed internships and part-time jobs, including data collection, data analysis, content writing
Experienced Junior Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Computer Vision, Data Analysis, and Mathematics. Strong research professional with a BS MS degree  Majored in mathematics and have a minor degree in biology from Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Thiruvananthapuram.,
Currently working as a Data Scientist at Datapravid.  #Worked as a full-stack developer at Zeksta Technologies.  #Done Internship during Masters at one bit private limited.  #Postgraduate from Pondicherry Central Univerisity Computer Science Department. #Interests are Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing.,
As a Data Scientist at BlackLine, I work to develop machine learning models for financial close solutions.  My research work focuses on innovating and designing applications using machine learning, specifically deep learning technologies. I am passionate about creating efficient solutions to solve challenging problems in interdisciplinary research areas.,
An avid learner and have recently completed master’s in data science from Northeastern university, Boston, MA. My interest lies in goofing around with data. The only focus is to get better at statistics, programming, wrangling, modeling, analyzing and visualizing data with each passing day.   	Languages:Python, R, Bash, SQL, C++ Machine Learning concepts:   Feature Selection and Dimensionality Reduction, Regression, Clustering
Data Science student and former data storage engineer seeking summer 2020 internship. Experienced developing software and analyzing data for physics and engineering projects. Values transparent communication and strong relationships with stakeholders to deliver impactful results.
BA in Mathematics with a demonstrated history in software development and data analytics.
SQL | R  | Tableau | SAS | SPSS | Advanced Excel | Quick Learner | Team Player | Business Analyst |  - 1+ years Financial/Accounting related working experience. - Bachelor’s Degree in Business and Psychology and Master's degree in Business Analytics. - Knowledge of data cleaning, application of statistical techniques, machine learning and model evaluation to enable data-driven decision making. - Experience in developing predictive performance, analytics models and algorithms. - Comfortable with change and working in a fast-paced environment. - Strong motivated self-starter with great communication and problem-solving skills.,
Junior Data Scientist working in the data science industry. Skilled in data cleaning and preparation using Python and working with a variety of modeling techniques to make predictions on future data.

Each day, I apply my machine learning and statistics expertise to derive key insights across various industries, including manufacturing, retail, financial services, and healthcare, for leading global organizations. I work on multi-disciplinary teams, with data scientists, data engineers, project managers, and subject matter experts, to provide impact for these organizations by exploiting their data.
Junior Data Scientist with nearly two years of relevant experience. Solving real-world problems.,
history of working in the computer software industry. SQL,Python,Tableau,web Developer,Data Analysis and visualization ,Machine (Deep)learning, ANN,CNN,RNN .Clustering analytics ,business intelligence,customer segmentation,forecasting companies behavior ,business analytics predictive modelling.
A committed Data Science & Machine learning professional able of providing Data driven solutions leveraging skills from3.5  Years of experience & knowledge in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning, Neural Network, SQL.,
An Enthusiastic Data Scientist, Proactive in nature, with 2+ years of experience in the Information Technology and Services Industry. Skilled in AI/Deep learning , Machine learning, Computer Vision, Statistics, Image Processing, Natural Language Processing and Web Scraping.
Data scientist and veteran leader.,
Masters in Mechatronics System Engineering with a specialization in Smart materials. Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering,
Biologist turned Data Scientist I am a recent Computer Science graduate with an extensive background in Biology. I bring solid experience in academic research, critical thinking, technical communication, scientific writing combined with discipline and attention to detail. I see an added value in the vision that cross-field knowledge and experience can bring. In my most recent training, I’ve acquired a set of core competences and skills for software development and data science. Being a determined, curious and goal-oriented individual I am looking for the environment that can provide mentorship and opportunities to sustain my drive to succeed.
Computer Science engineering graduate. Skilled in Machine Learning and Data Science using Python, R, Tableau, and SQL.,
As an entry level Data Scientist I aspire to build models that translate data points into business insights and also eager to use my skills and apply the same knowledge to real-world problems.  I want to expand my technical skills by working in an organisation with an opportunity in the Data Science domain.,
Data Scientist at AIG | Master's in Data Analytics from Dublin Business School Languages: C , C++ , Python , R Data Visualization: Power BI , Tableau. RPA Tool:UI Path Database:MySQL  Operations:Anti Money Laundering, Screening, Sanctions.,
Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Statistics, Databases, Python, etc. Bachelor’s Degree with Honors in Applied Mathematics (Data Science Concentration) from University of California, Berkeley.,
Machine learning and Deep learning enthusiast with a passion for turning structured/unstructured data into actionable insights that helps in making better informed and data-driven decisions.  I enjoy working with data​: Data exploration, Feature engineering, Creating and Fine-tuning models, Predicting and Finding insights.
I'm currently a Junior Data Scientist at MassMutual.  I was a Mathematics and Data Analytics double major with a minor in Economics and an Actuarial Science focus at Denison University, graduated in May 2019.  • Technical Skills: R, Python, SQL, SAS, STATA, Excel VBA, Tableau, Google Analytics, GitHub, Mathematica, LaTeX, Bloomberg
I am passionate about using data science to improve marketing outcomes, with the goal of maximizing customer retention and optimizing the profitability of both online and offline marketing initiatives.  As former and current supervisors, co-workers and classmates will attest, I am self-motivated, have a relentless growth mindset, and while detail-oriented, consistently strive to look at the big picture. These traits have helped me to carry out sound, business-relevant projects, and to remain ahead of the curve in this quickly changing field.
My experiential learning journey started as an Intern @ Informatica for 6 months, where I worked on Sales Order Data Mart with Descriptive and Predictive Data Mining using FP-Growth and Naive Bayes classifier.  ● Following which I worked as a Systems Software Engineer @ Infinera for 4 years. I worked on Chassis Simulator Platform, which taught me to shoulder various software development life cycle responsibilities and helped me groom as an all-around Software Engineer.  ● With a passion to create a difference in the education field, I pursued my Masters in Computer Science @ USC, to gain knowledge on AI, Data Mining, Machine Learning, NLP, Web Technologies and Information Integration on Web.  ● In Summer 2016, I realized my baby step contribution towards my passion in EdTech
A highly versatile and energetic Data Scientist that's knowledgeable in Big Data, machine learning, predictive modeling and curiously learning the latest skillsets to stay up to date in the data science field.   Technical Skills: - Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Django, Jupyter Labs - Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn, Spacy, Keras, Tensorflow
Data Scientist | Machine Learning Engineer |
I'm a Junior Data Scientist at the MGM-owned premium TV network, EPIX. Being part of the data science team, I work closely with developers, product managers as well as the engagement team, use data science tools to uncover valuable insights as well as deliver better products, and report to the management board for advanced decision-making. My skill set includes database management, business intelligence, predictive modeling, machine learning, and natural language processing.   Email: yhu128@fordham.edu Phone: 646-321-4982,
I am a data science professional with eight years' experience identifying patterns in large and complex data. I am well-versed in machine learning techniques and more traditional statistical methods, especially pertaining to time series. I have worked both directly for technology firms and as a consultant to government agencies and private enterprises. I enjoy working with small, diverse groups to carry out the data science process from conception through delivery.,
When you have mastered numbers, you will in fact no longer be reading numbers, any more than you read words when reading books. You will be reading meanings. Behind every successful business lies its ability to make critical decisions and a business can come along when it’s decisions are bolstered with well-founded insights and data  To further augment my knowledge in this domain, I have completed my Master’s in Data Management at the Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago with a concentration in Data Analytics/Data Science.  Currently working as Data Analyst at Walgreens.  With the desire and passion to explore and extract patterns in data, I have been working on Python and R and been exploring various data analysis tools and packages.  Competencies: Data Mining, Python, R, Java, SQL, MySQL, Tableau
Self-Motivated.  Life-Long Learner. Data is everywhere, turn into actionable insight.  *Learn *Implement *Teach  A Passionate and Determined person who can adapt to any environment where projects involving different types of data, platforms, and techniques.,harshithas8,
Area of interests include Big Data Engineering, Database design and  Machine Learning.
A Data Science & computer science MS graduate with interests in  Machine Learning, Big Data and Statistical Analysis.  Seeking full time opportunities  assisting  a company turning data into actionable insights.   Skills: - Languages: Python, R, MATLAB, Java/Scala, JavaScript, HTML, CSS - Machine Learning Techniques: Supervised, Unsupervised, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Regression, Clustering, Random Forests etc. - Databases & Big Data Tools: MySQL
Technology enthusiast with good exposure in C++, Python, Data Structures, Algorithms, Machine Learning and Deep Learning.   https://github.com/SumanthReddy9,
Passionate towards utilizing data science, machine learning, and big data techniques to solve real life business problems
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Defense & Space industry. Skilled in Java, Microsoft Excel, C (Programming Language), Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA), and Talent Management. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology focused in Electronics And Instrumentation Engineering from sree vidyanikethan engineering college.,
Hi, my name is Emily Schoof 🤗   Competencies: Python, SQL, Command Line, BigQuery, MySQL, PostGIS, Statistics, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Random Forest Classifier, Linear Regression
Computer Vision and Machine Learning enthusiast.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Interpreting Data, Data Science, Java, Data Analytics, and SQL. Strong engineering professional with a Post graduation focused in Business analytics from International institute of digital technologies.,
Scientist with hands-on experience applying machine learning, deep learning, and other statistical techniques to solve business problems in various business verticals like sales, marketing, operations, etc by leveraging vast structured and unstructured data sources.  Experience leading and mentoring other data scientists as well as facilitating coordination between various teams to drive projects from ideation to deployment and beyond.  Creator of Virtual Office Hours - https://www.linkedin.com/company/virtual-office-hours,
Data enthusiast with strong analytical, creative and communication skills, along with a background in business development and finance. Proficient at drawing actionable insights from large data sets using tools such as Python, R and Tableau.  Technologies: Python | SQL | Tableau | Scala | Spark | R | Jupyter Notebook | Github | Excel | Google Sheets | Looker  Skills: Supervised & Unsupervised Machine Learning | Predictive Modeling | Data Visualization | Explanatory and Exploratory Data Analysis | Natural Language Processing  R Libraries: Dplyr | Tidyr | Knitr | Magrittr | Plotly | Ggplot2 | R Markdown   Python Libraries: Pandas | NumPy | SciPy | Matplotlib | Seaborn | Scikit-learn | Natural Language Toolkit | Beautiful Soup | Tweepy | Praw | Keras | TensorFlow  O/S: Windows | Mac | Linux Ubuntu,
I’m Alex. I have fun predicting what the future will look and feel like, and I’m interested in companies that want to change it. I'm skilled at interfacing between people and computers. I can translate what code is doing into something intelligible by most humans, and can move backwards from English to bits. I learn quickly, adapting to the needs of my team and the skills demanded by my role.  Skills, tools I've worked with, buzzwords : Python, SQL, Redshift, AWS, Pandas, SKLearn, Machine Learning, Jupyter
I am a recent graduate from UC Berkeley with a degree in Applied Mathematics and a focus on Statistics. I am interested in data analysis and statistical machine learning, as well as data visualization. I am a competitive chess player and tennis player and am passionate about their logical intersection: Sports Analytics.
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Analytical Skills, Data Science, AI, Microsoft Office, Computer Science, Data Warehousing, Python, R, Excel and SQL. Strong information technology professional with a Master of Science focused in Computer Science with specialization in Data Analytics from Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management-Kerala(IIITM-K).,
Physics taught me that you can't passively observe the universe and hope to get anywhere -- you have to actively engage with it, scrutinizing every detail to learn the underlying story of what drives it forward.  The dynamic nature of physics is what makes it fun for me: you should never be OK with I don't know.  Data Science works in the same paradigm which is what drives me to start my career as a data scientist. When I'm not working I enjoy morning runs listening to Geopolitics podcasts or relieving stress in the gym, exploring new topics or ideas on the internet, or engrossing myself in a new Netflix series or video game.  Key Words: Data Science, Machine Learning (ML), Python, Statistical Analysis, Physics, Data Analysis, Business Intelligence, Predictive Modeling, Scala, Neural Networks
Having three years of experience in the industry and a background in Applied Mathematics, I am part of the MS in Data Science program at Columbia University. After a fantastic summer internship at Airbnb, I will graduate this December (2019), and soon I will be starting a new exciting position in California.  My primary interest is to understand human behavior through data. To achieve this, I use my substantial experience in Advanced Statistics and my knowledge of Machine Learning.  However, information is useless if it does not drive action. Consequently, I enjoy presenting my results to broad technical and non-technical audiences, with the conviction of improving any decision-making process.
Solution-driven Data Scientist with strong statistical and financial background and over 2 years of experience in data processing and cleaning, using predictive modeling and data mining algorithms to solve challenging business problems. Skilled in Python and core libraries (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Matplotlib/Seaborn, Scikit-Learn etc.), SQL, and data visualization tools such as Tableau. Strong organizational, project, and time management skills.
Seeking a data scientist position with significant project experiences in various areas. Including machine learning, data engineering, data mining, and data visualization. Extensive experience in data science, mathematics, and statistics. Solid programming skills in R, SQL, Python, Spark and etc.
Gold Medalist from NIT, Raipur and having 3+ years is seeking a full-time  position in an organization, where I will get the opportunity to work under the guidance of top- notch  professionals enhancing my knowledge and allowing me to come up with tangible results. My area of interest primarily lies in the field of Machine Learning,Data Analytics.  - Programming Languages: Python,R - Operating Systems: Windows, Linux - Skills: NLP, Deep learning,
Experienced data scientist.  Track record of developing and deploying operational analytics in the military and industry. Skilled in statistical and analytic programming, Systems Engineering, Life Cycle Cost Analysis, Operational Planning. Formally educated engineering professional with a  Ph.D. from Stanford's Management Science & Engineering Department and a Master of Science in Industrial and Systems Engineering from the University of Washington.  All of the opinions I express here are my own and do not constitute endorsement or consent of the United States Army.,isaacfab00
I am a data scientist. I am enthusiastic about Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. My goal is to be a Principal Data Scientist in Next 3-5 Years. I not only emphasize on knowing more about Machine Learning but also Statistics, some aspects of Data Engineering and efficient use of data structures and algorithms which is the most essential cornerstone of my job.
Experienced and results-oriented technical professional and thought leader specialized in machine learning development, deployment, and integration centered around pipeline optimization. Skilled in solutions engineering and architecting, data engineering and science, software and systems lifecycle development, management, and orchestration. A trusted advisor to higher level management on opportunity reviews, competitive strategy development, sales and product objective and direction.,
By trade and by passion, I am a data scientist, an educator, and a consultant. These roles enable me to do what I love to do: empower others.  Professionally, I teach data science with General Assembly and am a managing partner with a consultancy. In these roles, I work tirelessly to share with others the tools and the knowledge to effectively and accurately leverage the wealth of data and technology at our fingertips.  I was raised with the ideal that service to others is among the most important things a person can do. From mentoring students seeking their path to assisting global non-profits through Statistics Without Borders, I volunteer in an attempt to pay forward some of the exceptional mentoring and support I have received over the years.,matthewbrems,
Project experience with the following machine learning/data mining algorithms: Regularized Regression, Logistic Regression, KNN, Random Forest, Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machines, Sentiment Analysis,  K-means Clustering, GBDT, FFM, etc.  -Strong hands-on skills in : R, Python, SQL, STATA
I am a Math and Data Science major at Cal Poly with a passion for finance, data science, and entrepreneurship.   Please feel free to reach out to me for any inquiries through Linkedin or by email: shobhit.asthana@yahoo.com.
I am a data scientist with a background in architecture and urbanism.  My current motivation is to use data to provide actionable insights into the planet's complex ecosystem of problems.  Check out my data projects on medium, published in Towards Data Science:  Medium https://medium.com/@anupamagarla  Prediction and Customer Segementation: https://towardsdatascience.com/prospecting-las-backyard-houses-with-machine-learning-8fdc191e1cf?source=friends_link&sk=f5060d2a1135087bd1a48cfa2016564f   NLP Recommender:  https://towardsdatascience.com/building-a-content-based-childrens-book-recommender-for-parents-680e20013e90?source=friends_link&sk=d7a2153c43e4f47704049ab1dc279285  Classification Forecasting: https://towardsdatascience.com/district-flip-forecasts-in-congressional-elections-47324c71e7ab?source=friends_link&sk=cc611a6a196f09b0fa1419dcd57bd32f   Github: https://github.com/Pamaland1  Prior to founding GUS, a data-driven design consultancy, I developed over 15 architectural and urban design projects in a range of scales and sites from individual buildings in the United States and Europe to urban master plans in Asia and the Middle-East as an architect at Rem Koolhaas’ OMA.  My PhD research at the Royal Danish Academy of the Arts focused on analysis and projections of the recent international transformation of rural regions in terms of de-population, demographic shifts, and new modes of temporary living and networked working.   Skills include but are not limited to: -Python -SQL -NoSQL -Machine Learning (Regression and Classification Models) -Unsupervised Learning -NLP,
Skilled data scientist that understands the business value and also the mathematics behind implementing machine learning/deep learning models. I've used machine learning for decision making, assessing risk, statistical modeling, assessing performance, adding value to companies and my personal investments.
Data scientist with eight years of experience in structured energy finance. Proficient in transforming data into optimized business decisions.  Technical skills: Python: Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, nltk, spaCy, Re, Selenium SQL/NoSQL: SQLite, Postgres, MongoDB Machine Learning: Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Neural Networks Systems: Git, AWS
J2 visa holder with a valid Employment Authorization in the US. Visa sponsorship is NOT required in the US.  I have a PhD in Physics plus 3 years of industry experience as a Data Scientist, amounting to 7+ years of data-related work. I had a key role in the international expansion of Neoway by managing projects with US customers. Also, I mentored Data Science Master's students on R&D projects in NLP, as part of the University of Columbia's industry affiliates program.
Learn End to End Data Science. Please Subscribe here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6VPXglDoZYMOj2kr-flNJQ  Problem Solver.  Please FOLLOW if you'd like to keep reading my posts. I have exhausted the number of connections I can possibly have.,
Working as a junior data scientist and collaborating with various teams and individuals across Sherwin Williams. My strengths lie in data analysis, computer programming, discrete event simulation (DES), and partnering with subject matter experts to solve problems. I work mainly in R and Netezza, but am familiar with Python, JavaScript, and HTML/CSS development.  I am interested in new and emerging technologies and DLTs like Blockchain and using data to optimize a company's internal or external operations.
As a Data Enthusiast, I am deeply excited by the impact data mining and machine learning will have in solving previously realizable deep-rooted business problems. I want to be part of the revolution that is going to redefine how companies leverage data to provide never imagined extraordinarily personalized services and products.  The learning opportunity while building data products using statistics, big data and supporting technical infrastructure is what keeps me motivated.   Recent Data Science Projects: PROJECT 1: CLASSIFYING YOUTUBE VIDEOS BASED ON TEXTUAL DATA AND STATISTICS: ●Goal: Classification of youtube videos based on their comments and statistics.  Link to my Project: https://dataenthusiast863890119.wordpress.com/2018/08/18/classifying-youtube-videos-based-on-textual-data-and-statistics/  Project 2: DETERMINING FACTORS IMPACTING THE RETENTION RATE IN US UNIVERSITIES ● Goal: To find those very reasons that impact the retention rate of a student in US universities using regression techniques. Link: https://dataenthusiast863890119.wordpress.com/2018/06/14/determing-factors-impacting-the-retention-rate-in-us-universities-via-ensemble-ml-algorithms/  GitHub: https://github.com/KrishanuSinha  TECHNICAL SKILLS: SQL Python - NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit-Learn, etc. R - base R, dpylr, tidyr, ggplot2, plotly, etc. Big Data - Spark Machine Learning - Linear Regression
Self-motivated data scientist proficient in Python and R, with an academic background in Mathematics and secondary education. Professional experience includes four years as an account and sales manager in the Interior Design Industry in Sydney ia; U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census as a Junior Analyst for Census 2010.
A focused, dedicated, self-motivated engineer working his way increasing his skills
Experienced as a Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python , R , Machine Learning ,  Data analysis and Visualization Technique, Cognos and Statistics . Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) focused in Computer Science from Kamla Nehru Institute of Technolgy.,
M.S. in Data Science Program graduated from St. Johns University. Seeking an opportunity in data science or business analysis field. Experienced with programming languages: SQL/MySQL(ETL), Python(NumPy, Pandas, NLTK, Scikit-learn), R, VBA. Proficient with Excel(V-Lookup, Pivot Table...) and Tableau. Excellent skills in data extraction and transformation, database manipulation, web data mining, data visualization, talented with creating predictive models(regression, classification
Proficient in using Python and R to analyze data and build machine learning models. Good at SQL, Hadoop, Hive and Spark. Familiar with Java and object-oriented programming. Currently looking for internship or full-time job in data analytics  and machine learning. Github: https://github.com/louis-huang
DJ Patil has held a variety of roles in Academia, Industry, and Government.   He is Head of Technology for Devoted Health, a Senior Fellow at the Belfer Center at the Harvard Kennedy School, and an Advisor to Venrock Partners.  Dr. Patil was appointed by President Obama to be the first U.S. Chief Data Scientist where his efforts led to the establishment of nearly 40 Chief Data Officer roles across the Federal government. He also established new health care programs including the Precision Medicine Initiative and the Cancer Moonshot, new criminal justice reforms including the Data-Driven Justice and Police Data Initiatives that cover more than 94 million Americans, as well as leading the national data efforts. He also has been active in national security and for his efforts was awarded by Secretary Carter the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service which the highest honor the department bestows on a civilian.   In industry, he led the product teams at RelateIQ which was acquired by Salesforce, was founding board member for Crisis Text Line which works to use new technologies to provide on demand mental and crisis support, and was a member of the venture firm Greylock Partners. He has also was Chief Scientist, Chief Security Officer and Head of Analytics and Data Product Teams at the LinkedIn Corporation where he co-coined the term Data Scientist. He has also held a number of roles at Skype, PayPal, and eBay.    As a member of the faculty at the University of Maryland, his research focused on nonlinear dynamics and chaos theory and he helped start a major research initiative on numerical weather prediction.  As an AAAS Science & Technology Policy Fellow for the Department of Defense
Currently working with data across various domains, focusing primarily on ease of interpretability of data using tools such as Power BI and Tableau. Indulging in the study of using the data for generating actionable insights and solve various business solutions.
Data Scientist, Machine Learning specialist with experience in both programming and data mining. Expertise in predictive analysis and identifying and solving business related problems.  Former Student - Athlete and I live by one simple rule. Give 100% effort or don't do it at all. This personal promise has changed my life and has taught me that passion ultimately drives my goals.,MattEvanoff24,
As a Bioinformatics Data Scientist at Greenlight Biosciences,  I employ Data Science and Machine Learning techniques for the integrative analysis of Next Generation Sequencing data using high-throughput methods. I enjoy answering compelling questions to enable discovery and novel insights from Big Data.  I am a certified Data science instructor at Carpentries and Datacamp. In addition to teaching Data Science and programming, I also teach software technologies such as Git, Docker, and Singularity.,upendra_35,
Tableau Desktop Qualified Associate, Dell EMC Data Science Associate and a Certified Scrum Product Owner.  •	Currently working on implementing Natural Language Processing in the Finance sector.,
A Data Scientist and software engineer with 4+ years' industry experience in devops, data pipelines, and analytics. Passionate in assisting a company turning data into actionable insights.   Skills: - Languages: Python, R, MATLAB, C, C++, Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS - Machine Learning Techniques: Supervised, Unsupervised, Neural Networks
Experienced Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) focused in Computer Engineering.  Skills: Languages: R, Python, SQL, MATLAB, C, C++, C#, Java   Databases: Oracle 11g, Teradata, Microsoft SQL Server, Hadoop, MS Access, MongoDB  Tools: Tableau
Graduated from a double master's degree in Computer Science between my Engineer school in Angers, France and the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago, USA. I have specifically designed my studies and experience to not only to develop my quantitative skills but also to challenge myself to become an expert in Data Science.  I'm a self-motivated engineer who turned data scientist with an insatiable curiosity for all things: tech, data, IoT, machine learning, Deep Learning. I have the ability to design analytics solutions from the ground up, with expertise in a range of data products, machine learning techniques, and software development concepts. I am able to leverage a fair dose of statistics and mathematics.  Machine Learning: Feature engineering, classification methods (random forest, Xgboost, Logistic Regression
Hi, I am Vyjayanthi but I also go by VJ!  Right out of college, with a Bachelor's degree in IT, I knew I wanted to continue working with technology but not in the web tech/software engineering domain. I started with product analytics and management at a software company. One of my key achievements here was using data driven decisions to make business recommendations towards the redesign of my product. These recommendations helped the company in increasing the user base for the product. This solely happened because I am someone who has the skills to deep-dive into the product not only from the corporate business side but also from the customer perspective. I am adept in identifying pain points from a user point of view. This is precisely when I realised I can leverage data, which is present in any and all industries, tap into insights that weren't explored before and benefit not only the company, but the consumer as well. A couple of experiences later, I am now a proud Master's graduate from the University of Maryland - go Terps! - looking to leverage my skills in an industry and company that is not only focused on their corporate standing but also the social good of the community. That is who I want to work for.  I am also dedicated to continued learning/education. With the evolution of technology, it is vital to stay at the forefront of that advancement. As a by-product of this belief, I hold an online nano-degree in Predictive Business Analytics.  Apart from my academics and career, I like to read (crime, mystery - Agatha Christie is my #1) and travel (I'm fortunate enough to have visited over 10 countries).  Tech Capabilities: R, SQL, Python
Working to make your data tell a story!!  Graduated from NIT Raipur in 2018, I am currently working as an Associate Data Scientist at Datametica on Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Deep Learning, NLP and Image Processing Projects.,
Self-motivated Machine Learning Engineer, Master’s in Statistics | DS at Columbia University with 2 years of ML and DL experience, skilled and experienced in statistical modeling and tests, ML, DL, Web Scraping, NLP, web development, Bioinformatics and Databases.
I have more than seven years of progressive data science and machine learning expertise, having spearheaded myriad data analyses from the ground up across numerous organizations, most notably spanning the following industries: law, financial technology, insurance technology, and education.  The common theme across my direct work with attorneys, CFO, CRO, CTO and CDO has been deriving highly impactful and results-oriented actionable business insights from data, as a senior data scientist.   For example, I helped numerous lawyers at Ogletree Deakins in estimating total liability exposure for clients associated with several multi-million-dollar, class-action lawsuits. In those 4 years, I also invented proprietary Monte Carlo simulation to predict the settlement value of multi-millions class action lawsuit - a first in the legal profession. The work led to a Data Driven Award in 2018: https://www.law360.com/articles/1105806/data-driven-lawyer-ogletree-s-evan-moses   Recently
Data Science Manager, lastly at Wayfair, launching the SEO Data Science initiative to improve webpage rankings organically. Formerly a Director at a hedge fund where I specialized in CLO tranche investments. Over the years I have enjoyed mentoring junior staff and leading teams of data scientists, quantitative analysts, developers and data providers in France, the USA and India on extensive modeling projects.   I studied mathematics and physics at leading French universities and attended MIT on a research exchange program during my master's degree at Mines ParisTech. I graduated with an MBA from Harvard Business School where I focused on Economics and Finance and a MS in data science from ENSAE. I am a native citizen of the European Union and the USA.
Working as a Data Scientist at Walmart Labs. Graduate student of Business Analytics at University of Texas at Dallas. Bachelor in Computer Engineering from Vishwakarma Institute of Technology, Pune, India. Former Junior Data Scientist at Cybage Software Private Limited for two years. I strongly believe in data driven decisions.
Resourceful, multifaceted water resources engineer turned data geek on a mission to make meaningful contributions in any way I can. With my grit and my unrelenting commitment to making a difference, I welcome every challenge that comes my way enthusiastically.  Having had the privilege to study, intern, volunteer, and work in seven different countries, I have been fortunate to learn from some of the brightest minds around the world. Through these experiences, I have acquired invaluable technical skills and developed swift adaptability to effectively collaborate with high-performing, cross-cultural teams.  My insatiable curiosity and self-teaching skills make me uniquely positioned to identify opportunities for innovation geared towards maximizing added value in different situations. Passionate about machine learning and working towards goals that have a positive, worthwhile impact on society, I aim to empower people to achieve more through ingenious solutions made possible by state-of-the-art technology.  --  PS: I would not have gotten to where I am today without the advice, help, and kindness of people I have encountered along the way. If I can be of any help or if you have a great idea you would like to share
Passionate about data science, engineering and machine learning. Computer engineering graduate from UC Irvine. I have diverse work experience including database management for an IT security company and web scraping,  database design and financial analysis for a financial services company and data pipeline building for an Insurtech startup. In addition, I have worked on many projects on the side involving computer vision, NLP and other interests.,
In transition from Web Development to Data Analytics and Business Intelligence.  Committed to constant Learning and Expanding my Skills, Knowledge, and Experience to be a better version of myself everyday and make this world a better place. Feel free to Connect, Suggest, and Collaborate.,
am a Data Engineer, with an insatiable intellectual curiosity, and the ability to mine hidden gems located within the large set of data. I have hands-on  experience in machine learning, Deep Learning, and statistics to draw meaning insights from the big dataset. I am good at communication and storytelling with data.,
Microsoft Certified Data Scientist with capability of translating business problems into research question, designing and conducting analysis, extracting insights that contribute values to business. Over 10 years of broad experience in Data Science, Business, Project Management, Engineering, Construction and Academia.  Expertise in implementing advanced Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing algorithms and employing Exploratory Data Analysis, Feature Engineering and Feature Selection, Statistical Analysis and Modelling in Clustering, Classification, and Regression Predictive Analytics.   Solid foundation in  the area of Decision Modeling and Optimization techniques/Operations Research including linear, integer
Technology is something that has always amazed me and left me clueless.In the search for  answers I fell in love with programming. I freelanczed for startup's and gained experience in developing web applications. Simply put I'am a fast learner with a desire to learn more.
Enabling one of the largest tech giants with making smarter decisions by leveraging Math, Business expertise and Technology coupled with problem solving skills.
Autonomous vehicles enthusiast, prototyper and tinkerer. I love robots, space and building stuff.,Klintcho,
Scikit-Learn Contributor || Deep Learning Researcher || Data Science || Statistical Machine Learning || Reinforcement Learning || Business Intelligence || Algorithm Optimization || AI in Finance
I am a Data Scientist/Analyst and Biomedical Informatics PhD candidate with specialization in generating insight from data. I have experience developing data-driven analytical strategies that address meaningful problems. Skills: Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Python, Machine Learning, Data Mining
I am a highly detail-oriented, inquisitive and efficient individual. Quality and integrity are of utmost importance to me. I am a very passionate about mathematics and its real world applications, I am an enthusiastic learner. I am interested in Data Sciences and it's applications.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of prototyping and deploying production ready machine learning solutions
Experienced Data Scientist with over 3.5 years of experience in Data Science. Excellent reputation for resolving problems, conducting process improvement projects.Skilled in Python, Statistical Data Analysis, Natural Language Processing, Big Data Analytics, and Data Science. A strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) focused on Computer Science And Engineering from Visvesvaraya Technological University.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer networking industry. Skilled in Python, Machine Learning, NLP, SQL, Spark, Statistical Data Analysis. Strong engineering professional with a B.S. from UCLA in Applied Math and Computing and Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Data Science from U. of New Haven.,BrantYukan
Currently a Data Scientist on the Instagram Home team, Marlene has worked on key user-facing product algorithms like News Feed, and Instagram Feed and Stories ranking. Trained as a behavioral social scientist, she received her PhD in Political Science from NYU in 2017, where she worked on topics like the effects of information disclosure using methods like applied game theory and controlled computerized lab experiments with student subjects.  Her professional focus has been on the design and evaluation of AI models as well as the metrics and A/B tests that are optimal to understand their performance.
I am interested in challenging problems that involve software development and algorithms design. Currently, I am a Data Scientist at Fico.,
IndiaMay 3,Skill-sets:  NLP and ML techniques – Text Classification, Text Summarization, Analytics, Data Engineering, Visualization, Predictive Modelling, Decision Trees, Random forest, Bagging, Boosting,Clustering
A dedicated professional focused on reaching new heights by constantly improvising skills in the field of Data Mining, Machine Learning and Statistical Analytics. I enjoy problems in these areas, I find them challenging and I like solving them efficiently. Having expertise into solving around 10 to 12 predictive analytics problems from real world scenarios at high scale frequency of execution. I intend to gain expertise in Cognitive Science, Computer Vision and Advanced NLP techniques using deep learning.  Data Scientist with core experience in building automated solutions, about 6+ years of experience in industrial data science and analytics. passionate about applying technology, AI,ML, design thinking and cognitive science to better understand, predict and improve business functions towards delivering profitable growth.  Responsibilities: 1. Build predictive models, information/decision systems and basic prescriptive models using Machine Learning and Statistical Analysis 2. Strategizing the model development process at planning stage and implementing it at place to provide the data driven insights through experience, deep theoretical knowledge in ML and time bounded research:    -  Applying proper feature engineering, Defining the right algorithm and modelling approach    -  Model development
I am passionate about working with numbers and working with people, helping organizations capture the signal and sift through the noise. My diverse background and skill set in software development, statistical inference, data wrangling, data visualization and predictive analytics demonstrates that I have the ability to derive meaningful insights from data to drive business decisions.   Experienced in several professional team projects for Siemens and AnalytixLabs, including serving as project lead prepares me for leadership, creativity, strategic thinking, analytical & problem-solving skills. I make optimal use of available resources in a result-oriented environment and efficiently embrace new technologies, tools and work environments. My effective communication skills help me quickly adapt to multi-cultural work environments.   My analytics experience has enhanced by engaging in different academic and consulting projects at Marshall School of Business. I seek to leverage my skills to define, design and develop data driven solutions for challenging business problems.   Skills- Machine Learning: Supervised Learning (Linear/Logistic Regression, Decision Trees
I am an experienced analytics professional with a true passion for data science/data analyses. I am looking forward to applying my knowledge and a deep love for Mathematics/Statistics to solve challenging and exciting problems in industry using state of the art machine learning techniques.  I love analyzing data using these tools to create meaningful insights. I am looking for opportunities that would give me such problems to solve because I find it extremely gratifying to be part of a team that applies datasets to solve exciting problems using Machine Learning.  Skills: Python (Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn), SQL, Machine Learning ((Supervised Learning: Linear/Logistic Regressions, Random Forests, Bagging, Boosting), Unsupervised Learning: K-Means Clustering, Hierarchical Clustering), Natural Language Processing (Sentiment Analysis and Topic Modeling), Frequentist & Bayesian Statistics
Data Scientist with experience in product development, marketing experiment, and go-to-market strategy. Passionate to wrestle with complex data and apply data insights to tell stories and solve business problems.  Programming: Python (sklearn, XGBoost, pandas, numpy, matplotlib), R, SQL Distributed Computing: AWS (EC2, S3, EMR), Spark (Spark SQL, Spark ML) Database and Visualization: Postgres
I really like machine learning , data science, urban farming, renovating my house, and riding bikes :)
I have 4+ years of professional experience in the analysis, design development and testing. Motivated by a desire to improve and participate in solving difficult problems. Dedicated to improving quality and giving my best effort in everything that I do. Graduated from the University of Utah in Information Systems with a concentration on Data Analytics and Predictive Modelling. Excellent academic credentials (GPA: 3.97) with a strong background in Math and Statistics and strong communication and presentation skills.  Tools and technologies that I have worked on: •	Analytical tools: Tableau, R studio, OBIEE, MS Excel, D3 JS, Adobe Analytics, Alteryx, R Shiny, SSIS, SSRS, Google Analytics (Certified) •	Databases: Oracle 11g, MongoDB
Strong passion and skillsets to solve user growth and engagement problems •	Strong product leadership ability to identify opportunities, build roadmap, influence cross-function, define metrics and drive execution •	7-year industry experience in building product and driving strategy with analytics •	3+ years of tech lead experience in building strong analytics team via mentoring, teaching, training, and recruiting,
My interests include Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and other data science fields. I have past experience in some of these areas and I am keen to work on projects that offer learning opportunities and provide a platform to nurture my skills and knowledge.
September 30,A Data Scientist with a passion for turning data into actionable insights, and meaningful stories. Right from the data extraction until the final data product or actionable insights, I enjoy the journey with the data. A dedicated and determined person who can adapt to any environment which is quite evident from the cross-domain projects involving different types of data, platforms and techniques I have worked on. Apart from the skills related to data capture, analysis & presentation, I possess good problem-solving skills. Being from the computer science field is really an add-on to do things quickly and in a reusable manner. Along with Machine learning, I believe in Quick learning as and when needed.  Competencies: Data Science, Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Python Programming, Spark, SQL
January 14,Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Retail, BFSI and Ad-Tech Industries.  Skilled in statistical software like R,  Python, Spark, SPSS, SQL and interested in Machine Learning, Data Mining and NLP. Strong professional with a Master’s Degree focused on Applied Statistics.,
February 28,Currently working in Zensar Technologies as a Jr. Data Scientist for last 2.9 years. And I am deeply motivated for ML and AI,
A passionate and self-driven researcher interested in data mining, big data analytics, and machine learning.,
Presented a research work at Workshop at NeurIPS (NIPS) 2018, Montreal  Invited teacher of “Deep Learning” course for MSc Students at KSE ( https://kse.ua/ua/people/veronika-yurchuk/ )  Teacher of Computer Vision course for Master Students at UCU University, 2018  Contributed to an Open Source projects https://github.com/Cadene/pretrained-models.pytorch, etc with 4K+ stars  Teacher of Deep Learning in Computer Vision part 2. Go deeper at Lviv Data Science Summer School, 2017 (http://cs.ucu.edu.ua/en/summerschool/summer-school-2017/)  Won The Best project Award at Advanced Computer Vision Winter School at UCU, 2017  Mentor in AI Boost Hackathon, speaker at Kyiv Data Spring, Women Who Code, etc  Certified Scrum Master (Certification ID: 000755316),
I am a collaborative, driven, and multifaceted Boston College 2020 graduate with a B.S. degree in Biochemistry. Supplementing my time in university, I have dedicated my energies to meaningful clinical, research, and data analysis experiences. Beyond my degree, I have been engaging myself in learning Computer Science and Statistics concepts. Adaptive with high emotional intelligence, I work exceptionally well on teams, but also excel working individually and under pressure.,
Strategy-focused data scientist with 5 years of experience applying quantitative methods to interesting business questions.  I make very good use of my philosophy degree.
Junior Data Scientist and Industrial Engineer/Operations Researcher with 4+ years of academic/project work and industry experience. Combined data analysis and mathematical optimization to build production web services for assignment problems and real-time prediction. Industry experience in statistics, mathematical optimization, and computer programming. Dual degrees in Statistics (BA) and Operations Research (MS). Raised in snowy Minnesota.
Data Scientist seeking out interesting problems.,
I am a machine learning enthusiast and data scientist with over 2 years of experience building, training and optimizing neural network architectures to solve challenging problems using, but not limited to, tensorflow, pyrotch and pyspark. My graduate research in using Artificial Intelligence for legged robot locomotion led to a first author publication in the American Control Conference 2019. My individuality is reflected in my ability to integrate key aspects from various domains of my CMU graduate coursework into my work. I am currently working as a data scientist at Microsoft in the Cloud and AI division. I am looking to connect with other enthusiasts in this field to discuss research papers and undertake personal projects to help augment each other's skillset in this domain.
Researching small business dynamics at the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Passionate about using big data to inform decision makers, explain consumer behaviour and drive positive change. Experience include analytical work in retail, corporate and investment banking, as well as social science research.,
Self -motivated Data Scientist experienced in handling Big Data. Adapt at communicating with Business Intelligence team to report the key insights of data to assess organization needs. With a background in computer engineering and statistics. Core competencies include Data extraction,managing , analyzing and reporting.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the retail and consulting industries. Skilled in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Statistics, and Visualization. Strong engineering background with a Master of Science - MS in Data Science from Southern Methodist University.,
Passionate about using data to advance people decisions.  Expertise: Strategic Workforce Planning; Retention analytics; Learning analytics; Employee value proposition; Organizational Health  Undergraduate background in Applied Math, Statistics, and Finance. CFA level I (passed)  Masters degree in Learning Analytics.,
Enthusiastic about Data Science, Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Skilled in Python, C++, PyTorch, TensorFlow. Strong educational background in Computer Science and Engineering from IIT Bombay with a CPI 9.11,
Data scientist and machine learning engineer. Worked on a variety of projects, from prototype/POC modeling exercises to production-ready systems builds, usually from scratch. Broad experience with statistical learning, machine learning, and deep learning, with a focus in natural language processing (NLP). Familiar with all stages of the machine learning model lifecycle.
Understanding how maths, business, and technology can help us make better decisions in the future is what I'm working towards. Business acumen is my USP, along with strong technical backing in Data Science tools like R, Python, SQL, PySpark. Having worked with chatbots, NLP, deep learning and machine learning, I am a fast learner enjoy working with the latest technology.  I am an extrovert and love meeting new people. Backed with a keen interest in Marketing and Finance, I am steadily honing my skills in various verticals to ensure that multi-domain exposure helps me understand real-world problems better. With top brands such as Mu Sigma, Kings College London
Experience: ​3-years: Python, R, Git, Machine Learning (ML) & Modeling; 1-year: C, SQL, TensorFlow & PyTorch; Experience using Spark, AWS, GCP, ​OpenCV, Numpy, Scikit-learn, Pandas, Tableau.  • Previous Roles: ​Machine Learning Engineer (GCP partner) & Deep Learning Researcher (UCSF).   • Publications: ​2 publications on distributed ML & modeling. 1 publication under review in Deep Learning  (DL).  • Certificates: ​Deep Learning II, Deep Learning I
Data Science professional with 5 + years of experience. My current area of focus is unravelling consumer behaviour in retail/ecommerce using the ever evolving suite of ML/statistical models and empowering the business by building such insight generating data science products.,
I work as a NLP Data Scientist at GumGum where I tackle interesting NLP problems in the Digital Ads space. I graduated with Masters in Computer Science from Arizona State University with my thesis in the area of Natural Language Processing.  To pursue my interest in the Data Science and Analytics field, I have been focused in research in the area of Natural Language Processing. My Thesis is about improving Textual Entailment which is an important precursor to all Natural Language Question Answering systems. Other areas of my research work include Clinical Natural Language Processing(NLP) which involves applying the techniques of NLP on the Electronic Health Records to automate and aid various Health Care Domain participants.   I also worked part-time as a Data Analyst at Enterprise Marketing Hub in ASU tackling marketing use cases for ASU involving Text Analytics, Topic Modeling and building Dashboards, aiding the decision makers at ASU.  As an Associate Data Analyst in Sapient's Data Engineering and Analytics Capabilities team, I worked on building Predictive Models for Capital Market use cases at Sapient using Machine Learning algorithms and researched data-driven ideas for areas like Customer Segmentation, Hyper parameter optimization in Predictive Models, ensemble methods for supervised learning algorithms, Log Analytics, Inferential statistical analysis and developed interpretable models. Majorly worked on Python, R, Tableau and MySQL.   I joined Arizona State University in Fall'17 and graduated in August 2019 with my Thesis in the area of Natural Language Inference.   Graduation Course List: Statistical Machine Learning Multimedia and Web Databases Foundations of Algorithms Data Mining Topics in Natural Language Processing Mobile Computing Distributed Database Systems
I started my Computer Science Journey with Full Stack Android Programmer then switched to Data Science. My current work revolves around Research in NLP for vernacular Languages and also Deploying  ML/DL models to production.  I also host regular meetups in Bengaluru with the name Entirety.ai and Recently I have been selected as the  Event Ambassador for Pie and AI meetups by deeplearning.ai.,
October 2,In the short run, I enjoy analyzing data to reveal hidden business insights. In the long run, I look forward to becoming a data scientist to solve thorny real-world problems.   During the quarantine days in New York City, I've gained a deeper understanding of Python in the following topics:          -  OOP (object-oriented programming) and class 	- a greater mastery of Pandas and Numpy 	- the distinction between Object-Oriented and stateful plotting with Matplotlib 	- the beauty of Seaborn in statistical EDA (explanatory data analysis) 	- web scraping to get real world data and ways to access HTML tags and attributes  	- iterator, iterable, functional programming like list comprehension 	- Folium for creating interactive marker, cluster,  and Choropleth maps 	- Plotly and Cufflinks for presentation-level interactive visualizations  My next step is Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing (NLP).  Please find on my website with projects I've done in business/data analytics, data visualization, and exploratory data analysis (EDA). Let me know your thoughts!,
Mixed-methods data science researcher and leader. 7+ years experience in quantitative, qualitative social research and analysis conducted autonomously and collaboratively across project life-cycles. Skilled at collecting, analyzing, and interpreting large data sets, developing new forecasting models, and performing data management tasks. Experience in developing research designs and models utilizing experiments, survey research methods, statistical models, machine learning, creation of data regression models, using predictive data modeling, and analyzing data mining algorithms to deliver insights and implement action-oriented solutions to complex business and social problems. Focused DEI research and people analytics.   Technical/Analytical Skills: R, Git/GitHub
Professional experience of 3 years in Data mining and Machine Learning. Well partitioned in Data preprocessing and preparation, Feature engineering for both structured and unstructured datasets. Hands-on experience with the classification, regression and clustering Data science modelling. Working Experience in helping the business experts to get insights from the data level and business level understanding of the Machine Learning problems. Excellent knowledge in generating visualizations and have hands-on with Python, R, java. Familiar with working environments like RStudio, Jupyter notebook, Spyder. Understanding all formats of sensor data, raw data formats and data integration with enough experience in Internet of things [IOT].  Machine Learning skills: Natural Language processing, classification methods (naive bayes,random forest, Xgboost, SVM), clustering
PhD in Statistics with a broad background and a variety of skills including statistical learning and data mining, statistical data analysis such as multivariate data analysis, time series analysis and Bayesian data analysis, modeling and simulation of high-dimensional data, Monte Carlo Markov Chain (MCMC)  inference, Variational Bayesian (VB) inference, etc.
February 6,An Electronics & Communication Engineering Graduate with strong Programming background, well versed in Algorithms & Data Structures as described my colleagues, with experience in Machine Learning and Data Analysis, looking forward to join a fast-paced and innovative company.
My name is Qian CHEN.   By learning statistics for several years and participating in projects utilizing my knowledge, I have acquired valuable experience in designing and completing data reports providing actionable business intelligence related to the company's products and services.,
MassachusettsSeptember 23,MS in Data Science from NYU Center for Data Science. Expertise in NLP and Computer Vision.   As a Data Scientist at Fidelity AI Center for Excellence, I build functionalities for Chat bots and Search engines to help customers interact efficiently with Fidelity.  Publications: - Unsupervised Paraphrase Generation : https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.05477 - DARTS, Tool for Automatic Brain Segmentation : https://arxiv.org/abs/1911.05567 - Knee Cartilages Segmentation using Diffusion weighted MRI : https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.01838
Software Developer turned Data Scientist with 2+ years of experience using predictive modeling to solve challenging business problems in data mining and cognitive computing.,
Working backwards from the business goal, I ask the right questions. From building infrastructure to pipelines to presentation to production, I'm an end-to-end mover and finisher.,
I'm a novice data enthusiast, who'd love to eventually become a storyteller of data. I strongly believe that math and statistics are key to truly understanding what any data has to say, and strive to dive deep into the inner workings of algorithms.   I find working on understanding data with people towards a common, worthwhile goal, hugely enjoyable and rewarding. Throughout my work and internship experience, I was extremely pleased that as a team, we successfully implemented systems so as to solve challenging problems affecting living beings. No matter where I work, I hope to achieve a comparable team goal by working together on the challenging task of building machine learning and data visualisation models to the point of making data-driven, actionable decisions, thereby accelerating growth and client satisfaction.
August 8,I have a passion for all things research and data.  I have a great deal of experience dealing with large data sets, on the magnitude of petabytes.  I have demonstrated expertise in utilizing such data, following the scientific method to draw conclusions about various domains (technology, health, the environment, and politics), and into causing and seeing through various actions to be taken based upon those conclusions.  I am an expert at data processing, from schema design, to logging, to log processing, data storage, pipeline management, and utilization of that information to change the world.  I am passionate for automation of all repetitive procedures in order to save time and money.    Specialties: Large data set cleaning
I am passionate about driving change through data.  Interested in exploring areas of data mining, randomized experiments, machine learning, natural language processing and data visualization.
Have Problem? Will Solve.,
,An experienced Data Scientist and Software developer who loves Data Analysis and coding in python.  Expertise Include -  1. Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) using libraries like Pandas, NumPy, etc 2. Machine learning techniques using Scikit learn and keras. 3. Microservices Architecture and REST APIs (Flask, gRPC) 4. SQL, Cassandra 5. Data Visualisation using Tableau, Matplotlib, PowerBI
I am a fun loving geek! I am always inspired by how sapiens have used technology to overcome some of the barriers to evolution. I would someday want to work towards improving healthcare using AI to allow for quick and accurate identification and treatment of diseases.  Currently working as a data scientist at BERG Health to identity diagnostics and therapeutics for rare diseases based on patient molecular profile and electronic health records (EHR).,DarkestFloyd
Data scientist excited to use machine learning to explore data, find underlying patterns, and make more informed decisions. Fluent in Python, SQL, and statistical analysis is supplemented by analytic outlook learned through research and education as a bioengineer. Strong beliefs in growth, experimenting, and continued learning reinforced through successfully starting a martial arts school.
I am currently an MBA candidate at Kellogg School of Management where I am majoring in Finance, Entrepreneurship, and Management Science (STEM). I also work as a Data scientist at Northwestern University, Feinberg School of Medicine.   I am highly proficient and have significant experience in the areas of Data Science, Machine learning, Natural language processing and Deep learning. I have worked on several projects applying advanced analytics techniques to patient healthcare data and published research papers in leading medical journals and presented at international conferences. Some of my publications can be found here https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=JPKDrLoAAAAJ&hl=en.  In the past, I have worked at Microsoft Research India, National University of Singapore and Google Summer of Code in various research positions. I have significant programming experience and am proficient in Python, R and Java.,
I am a young professional with an Industrial Engineering background who fell in love with data related solutions some years ago.  I strongly believe in software as a way of increasing productivity and improve the life quality of the employees, as well as the best tool to allow us to analyze the business problems, metrics, and results.  I’ve been lucky enough to work on roles that involved Data Analysis and Data Visualization frequently, and only after my Master's program, I’ve been experimenting with some mathematical modeling in my job to help us better understand some Public Transit patterns.
5+ years of experience as a Data Scientist embedded in various product teams, working with cross-functional partners and leading data foundations, product experimentation, exploratory analysis and machine learning to inform critical business decisions.   Looking for Sr. Data Scientist opportunities in tech in LA/SF.
March 11,I am a passionate Data Scientist and ML Engineer in Bloomenergy. I am passionate about building and deploying Machine Learning /Deep Learning models in multidisciplinary fields for effective marketing, Anomaly Detection, Fraud Detection,  reduction of costs among others.  My skillset range from  - Business and strategic acumen to solve real world problems. - Knowledge about Machine Learning, Deep Learning and statistical techniques. - Application of Machine Learning/ Deep Learning in Computer Vision, NLP and Image classification and recognition. - Python Programming. - Data Engineering for ingestion and transformation in Large scale systems. - Real Time Analytics using Streaming architectures.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in both large-scale enterprises and smaller startups. Skilled in Machine Learning, Statistical Data Analysis, Statistical Modelling, Data Science, and Java. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) focused in Mathematical Sciences from The University of British Columbia / UBC.  Robust deployment capabilities ranging from customer-facing situations to solely product deployment settings to research environments.
University of Maryland graduate currently working and living in the New York City area. Focusing my career on using research and analytics to improve how industries and companies function. I'm a passionate sports fan and passionate about giving back to the community through volunteering and fundraising.  Proficient in: ArcGIS, Solidworks, Microstation, Python, R, SQL, Microsoft Office Suite, SAP Business Objects, Nielsen Soundscan,
 India,Having knowledge on machine learning, data analytics, statistics, tableau .,
February 1,I enjoy making sense of large and messy data to drive decisions... or just make pretty graphs. In my past life I used these skills to design and analyze large solar concentration systems.,SunThermEnergy,
Experienced Senior Data Scientist with a demonstrated history working in the Internet industry. Skilled in Information Retrieval, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. Strong engineering professional with a PhD in Computer Science from the University of Maryland College Park.,
I'm a Data Scientist who can apply machine learning to address business problems by translating data into meaningful insights that improve user outcomes and experience.  I can help your data science team collect, manage, and manipulate large, complex datasets using machine learning and other statistical analysis techniques.  Here's what I can offer any company looking to get ahead using emerging technologies in machine learning and business analytics:  ★ Programming skills using R, Python, MATLAB, Java, HTML, and JavaScript;  ★ Ability to harness and manage raw data of any size using data management and visualization tools such as Spark, SQL, MySQL, SQLite, PostgreSQL
I'm not very active on LinkedIn. You can contact me at http://randalolson.com/contact  I'm the Chief Data Scientist at FOXO BioScience, where I'm building a data science team that is merging cutting edge epigenetics research with advanced machine learning methods to improve life expectancy prediction for the life insurance industry and beyond. I specialize in AI, machine learning, and data visualization, although I’m always learning something new to make myself more useful to my clients and collaborators. I regularly write about my latest work on my personal blog, where I've become known for computing optimal road trips around the world and solving Where’s Waldo?, among many other creative applications of machine learning. My work has been featured all over the world and in the news, including the New York Times, Wired, FiveThirtyEight, and much more.  I work tirelessly to promote open and reproducible science, leading by example and openly publishing my work on GitHub and open access journals. I'm also passionate about training the next generation of data scientists to be more efficient, effective
Alex is a Data Scientist at Deloitte, with 4+ years of experience in AI/ML, IoT, edge computing, cybersecurity, and cloud. Alex also leads Deloitte's EDGE Compute Lab.  Following skills include: Python, R, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, SQL, Google Cloud, Docker, Kubernetes
I am physical chemist, data scientist and using my skills to unlock the mysteries of nature preserved in meteorites, space rocks, aerosols, ice cores, and sediments. It is like being a detective to retrieve information about the past and present history of the planet and how humans and natural forces change the composition of the atmosphere. I love sharing my findings at all forums from peer-reviewed articles to public lectures and in magazines for the general public. I am passionate to use my knowledge in climate change and data science to assess climate risks and manage the disaster.,
I strive and live in the present, having learnt a multitude of lessons from my past and a desire to apply them in the future. I have a strong business acumen and love playing with numbers.  I aim to develop my decision making skills and nurture them to be data-driven.  I possess an appetite to gain knowledge from various fields and so - the next time we meet, probably you can tell me about your new idea, old friend or current job. I would love to reciprocate the same - Politics, Cricket and Stock-Markets.
Full stack data scientist with demonstrated history of working in demand forecasting, logistics optimization, industrial IoT and predictive maintenance. Years of experience in developing and deploying statistic and machine learning models, autoML engines and data pipelines. I'm interested in senior opportunity in applied machine learning and data science.
I wish to commit myself to Data Science and in building innovative applications .It is my desire to design, build and establish reusable Machine learning applications to address real-world data-intensive applications. - Education:  Master's in Machine learning and Computing, from the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology (IIST), India.  - Research interests: Predictive-modelling, Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Information-visualization, Natural Language Processing, Bioinformatics, Computer vision, Deep learning, Knowledge data discovery and Data-driven decision making to solve real world applications. - Tools: Python
Arkansas,Engineering and Finance background | Python, C++, MATLAB, R, Java, SQL, Spark, Tableau, A/B Testing, Stata, Scala
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY   Reputable leader and strategic developer with a successful background orchestrating start-ups as well as elevating organizational performance through skillful restructuring.  Recipient of multiple organizational awards for superior leadership, performance, and contributions.  Certified in SAP FICO and BW with diversified industry experience in SAP FI-CO, SD & MM.  Worked with team leaders and stakeholders to solve clients analytics problems using predictive analytics and Big Data.,
A Data Scientist with an experience over 6 years and a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. I'm passionate about product development, experimentation and diving deep to solve business problems. Skilled in Python, Tableau, AWS, PowerBI, R. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Information Systems Management focused in Business Intelligence and Data Analytics from Carnegie Mellon University - H. John Heinz III College.,sanymathew,
Have deep understanding and vast practical using of data algorithms for machine learning, classical mathematical skills with statistical background, practical experience in numerical modeling and comparing received results with experiments. Have above twenty years practice with developing and using software in different areas. Have considerable experience in cooperation with teams with different scientific, practical and IT background. Have unprecedented ability for gathering novel knowledge and experience. Doctor of Philosophy in Physics (Specialization – Physics of Charged-Particle Beams). Have a Master Degree in Applied Mathematics with honor.,
Experienced Lead Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Passionate in deriving insights from large datasets and effectively communicating results to a non-technical audience.  Skilled in data aggregation, visualization, and model building for fraud detection. Focused on tools such as Python, Scala, and Spark. Strong information technology professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Information Systems & Data Analytics from New Jersey Institute of Technology. In addition to business acumen with a Bachelor's Degree in Business Management from Rutgers University.,
professional data scientist who loves to solve business issues using data,kevin_sun_91,
Having 5 Years of overall work experience in Industry. An astute professional with 2.5 years of work experience in Data Analysis, Prediction model building, time series and 2 Years in Project Management and Execution. Excellent understanding of business operations and analytics tools for effective analyses of data.,
I'm a Data Science Software Engineer who is equipped with experience in: effectively working on asynchronous remote-first teams, leveraging prior real-world business experiences, and utilizing my educational background of Machine Learning, Computer Science, and Mathematics. View the 90-second video introduction and resume on my website!  💻TECH STACK  Scikit-Learn / Machine Learning Engineering Natural Language Processing (NLP) AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Python Programming Language AWS Elastic Beanstalk / Heroku Pipenv / Virtual Environments Tensorflow / PyTorch / Keras Plotly / Seaborn / MatPlotLib SQL / PostgreSQL / NoSQL  Amazon RDS / TablePlus Command Line Terminal Docker Containerization Flask / FastAPI Github Workflow Pandas & Numpy Big Data Analytics Tableau / Power BI Dash Core Components Extract Transform Load (ETL) Data Lakes / Data Warehouses WordPress Web Development Figma Designing & Prototyping Microsoft Office & Google Cloud Suite Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  📊 PROJECTS  Better Reads — A Platform for Readers to Track, Share, and Discover New Books •	Used Agile & Scrum methodologies to iteratively deploy Natural Language Processing (NLP) models •	Practiced CI/CD via blue/green RESTful microservices on AWS EB to facilitate JSON post requests •	Launched and managed a PostgreSQL instance on AWS RDS to store millions of GoogleBooks data  Brain Power — Using Machine Learning and an EEG Device to Control Technology •	Built an application for the user to control light switches & thermostats with their brain •	Collected data from an EEG device and used Scikit-Learn to train a predictive model •	Deployed back-end Python get request API: communicate w/ EEG device, detect brain patterns  Flight Prices — Airline Pricing Analysis and Interactive Pricing User-Interface •	Tediously gathered 27M rows of data, wrangled/cleaned to 9M, uploaded data to Kaggle •	Built a front-end user interface dashboard for user to interact with a predictive machine learning model  Spotify Music — Recommends New Music Based on Your Favorite Songs •	Connected with Spotify’s API to harvest data (and metadata) about the songs in their database •	Built back-end Python API’s (get and post requests) to return predicted songs data to front-end  Global Glaciers —Geographic Visualizations of the Locations of Earth’s Glaciers •	Data exploration, story-telling with data, and unique data visualizations •	Combined data science with visual communication, moving GIF files, and graphic design
Looking for an opportunity that can enhance my analytical and machine learning skills and benefits the growth of the organization.  Skilled in Python (Programming Language), SQL, Data Analysis,  Strong information technology professional with a PGP focused in Data Scientist from Great Learning.  Enthusiastic data scientist eager to contribute to team success through hard work, attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Motivated to learn, grow and excel in organization.
February 23,No sponsorship required. EAD card holder.   Data scientist with 5+ year background in affiliate marketing, ecommerce, segmentation, targeting, cloud data infrastructure, for some of largest internet commerce platforms.  Using AI to understand what your customer needs with a focus on scale, ease of execution, and clear measurement.  Specialties: Python, SQL, Hive, Google Cloud Platform Engineer certified (Big Query, TensorFlow, Dataflow)
Data Scientist skilled in Scalable Machine Learning and Deep learning models , Spark, Python  with AWS . Enthusiastic in Quantum Machine Learning.,
I have 10 yrs of post-PhD data science experience working on products, solutions and platforms, primarily in the enterprise sector.   * I have worked on operational and business problems pertaining to large networks and systems (core, mobile/cellular, enterprise), Security, Insurance, IoT, online privacy, social networks, e-commerce and online advertising, bridging data science methods with deep domain expertise. I can work independently or in a team, and have also mentored and managed smart individuals.   * My current interests lie in deep learning, in particular in applying deep learning methods to Security (app-layer security
Currently, in transition into data science. As a data analyst, I deal with various kinds of business and consumer insights related data. This work entailed data exploration, visualization, and modeling.   Besides Digital Analytics Tools (Tableau, Google Analytics, Hotjar, Semrush), I used Python to complete different digital advertisement related tasks and analyze the data.  I also built several Machine Learning models solving real-world business problems across different domains, including finance and marketing.  Please check my GitHub portfolio: https://github.com/hafeez42/,HafizzCoffee,
Experienced Data Scientist  with a demonstrated history of working in the analytics field. Skilled in Data Analysis, Statistical Modeling & Machine Learning algorithms. Hands on experience with tools like R, Python, SQL, SAS.,
I want to build exciting and wonderful apps that profoundly make an impact.  I chose to change my career and learn web development at Dev Bootcamp because I wanted to learn how to bring my ideas to life.  I want to take on challenging projects where I could exercise creativity in solving them.    I can also draw upon my past experience as a project manager at Caterpillar, Inc.  I have worked on and led numerous project teams and would work well in a team environment.  I also am accustomed to a process-driven approach to problem-solving along with having an appreciation for proper documentation.  Specialties and Interests: Javascript, Angular, React, Python, data analysis, team work.,
I am an analytics professional with a passion for technology. I have  more than 2 years of hands-on experience in extracting insights and developing a predictive model solution with Statistical modeling and ML. In the past, I have designed, developed and executed analytic techniques on large, complex and unstructured data sets to help clients make better sales and marketing decisions.  I love data science. There's nothing better than extracting insights and making better decisions with data.   Well versed with R/R Studio, R shiny/Markdown, PowerBI, Python, SQL and MS Excel.  Specialties: Statistical modeling & Segmentation ,Data Mining, Data visualization , Campaign Analysis and Statistical Analysis on Transactional & Questionnaire Data.,
,June 24,I'm a recent engineering graduate and a passionate Data scientist as my interest lies in solving problems with data.  Currently, I'm working on Capstone projects to enhance my knowledge of Machine Learning and solving kaggle challenges(Skills and projects are listed below). I'm particularly interested in the Data analyst/ Junior data scientist role.  At present, I'm seeking opportunities where I can use my skills effectively and can collaborate with my colleagues to achieve the desired results. I want to work with the kind of people where working together and growing together is the motto. My friends would describe me as a driven, resourceful individual who maintains a positive and proactive attitude when faced with adversity.  Apart from being a passionate data scientist, I'm also a hobbyist photographer. I usually take aesthetic portraits and edit them in my free time. I've worked with some really known personalities (Instagram-@singh_8971).  Thank you for making time and going through my profile. Let's connect and grow together.  Github-https://github.com/zues1234,
Interested in areas related to Data Science, Machine Learning, AI, Software development and Scalable systems. Highly interested in Recommendation systems. Open to new opportunities and challenges.
Data scientist with more than 13 years of modelling experience in Commercial and R&D environment; • ML expert with experience in development and maintenance of predictive and recommendation engines using OOP; • Led teams in development of ML solutions; • Ability to communicate with stakeholders and derive system requirements; • Broad multidisciplinary knowledge and ability to find similarities across the scope;,
Senior Data Scientist with core experience in building AI solutions for different platforms using natural language processing, machine learning, data visualisations and deep learning.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Strong engineering professional skilled in Python, Machine Learning,Statistics ,Probability  and Deep Learning.,
Looking out for positions as Data Analyst or Junior Data Scientist with almost 3 years’ experience as Data Analyst skilled in Python Development, SQL, Data Science, Data Modeling, Data Visualization and NLP.,papisera
A Machine Learning Professional with 8+ years of experience taking active roles of technology evangelist in areas such as Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Predictive Analytics, Statistics, Data Mining and Big Data with a proven track record of implementing large scale algorithms that have business revenues and user experiences. Passionate about creating products, by identifying business needs, using applied Data Science and AI. Proven ability to identify and solve complex ML problems, including use case identification and data architecture design while meeting and exceeding schedule and performance targets. Experience in training and assimilating upcoming data scientists.  Ranked among top 1 percentile of data scientists across the world at Kaggle.  Skill Sets ======= General:  ----------- Data Science,Statistical Analysis,Software Engineering,Big Data Analytics,Data Management, Product Management
Data Scientist in Avis Budget Group.,
December 13,-> Currently working as a Data Scientist at BrickSimple LLC. -> Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering from University of Illinois at Chicago. -> Experienced in building predictive models using supervised and unsupervised algorithms like Logistic Regression, Random Forests, SVMs, Decision Trees, Clustering Techniques-KNN, Neural Networks (Keras, LSTMs, CNNs) etc.  -> Skillful in Python (Pandas, Scikit learn, Keras, NLTK, OpenCV, NumPy) | Machine Learning | Image Analysis and Computer Vision | Neural Networks | Data and Text Mining | Data Science |Data Analysis | Data Structures | Computer Algorithms | MATLAB | Shell Scripting | Software Development. -> Database Technologies: SQL
I LOVE DATA.  I am an aspiring data scientist with knowledge of database, statistical and machine learning techniques, data cleaning, manipulation, and visualization.  I invite you to take a review of my profile.   - Furnish insights, analytics and business intelligence used to advance opportunity identification, process reengineering and corporate growth.  - Rapidly adapt to new technologies with proficiency in Python, R, Tableau, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Pyplot, and SQL for visualizing data as well as building and deploying machine learning models.  - Capable of building dashboards, cleaning and extracting data for other internal teams to use
Data scientist with experience in production level and real time machine learning, as well as API development and numerical simulations. I have worked in many industries and including financial tech, mobile gaming, recruiting, healthcare, astrophysics and geophysics.  I have presented directly to investment boards and successfully secured investment, written scientific grant proposals, and presented my research across the United States, China, and Japan.
SPECIALTIES• Bayesian• Uncertainty Quantification• Model Updating• Probabilistic Analysis and Risk Assessment• Floor vibration• Structural Dynamics• Probabilistic programming• Structural Health Monitoring• Machine learning• Deep learning• Project Management SOFTWARE• Python• Matlab• SAP2000• STAAD.Pro• R• ETABS• SAFE• Minitab PASSION: Politics• Human rights• Management and Leadership,
May 25,•  Data Mining & Machine Learning  •  Data Manipulation & Analysis  •  Data Visualisation  •  Natural Language Processing  •  Statistical Modeling  •  Proficient: Python, Pyspark, R, SQL, SAS, SPSS  •  Familiar: VBA, Matlab, C++, Tableau
https://www.kaggle.com/jeremyachin  www.datarobot.com,
November 16,A Marketing Engineer at Expedia - Marketing, Strategy, and Innovation team. Currently working on projects focused on orienting Marketing efforts based on consumer behavior/interaction. I graduated from the University of Washington with a Master's Degree, specializing in Data Science in Summer 2018. I bring a good mixture of professional experiences of 4 + years, academic research, and internship. I am excited about my next career move as I seek a Full-Time opportunity working as a Data Scientist. Let's Talk!,
Data Scientist at Bread with extensive experience in developing machine learning models for credit underwriting and fraud detection.  Research expertise in developing statistical models for complex multistage problems in healthcare studies Extensive experience in Design of Computer Experiments, Categorical Data Analysis, Data Mining, Deep Learning and Machine Learning algorithms Successfully led peers in academic as well as extra-curricular activities on several occasions  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Data: AB Testing, statistical analysis, simulation, experimental design, machine learning, supervised learning, unsupervised learning, deep learning, analytics, data mining
As a data scientist, I seek to leverage my scientific background and my aptitude for software development through projects in the fields of machine learning and deep learning. My goal is to make long-standing contributions in the form of robust software solutions capable of tackling substantial challenges faced by scientists, engineers, and businessmen and women across the globe. Through my professional experiences I have developed a strong work ethic and a dedication to my community.  These experiences have made me a well-rounded, kind, and motivated person capable of working constructively with others, and I feel that these traits make me a valuable asset.
Statistics M.S. in Data Mining track from Rutgers University. Advanced experience with SQL, R, Python and SAS. Professional in advanced statistical models. Quick learner with rich knowledge in database, machine learning and model validation. Actively seeking a position in Data Science.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the insurtech, finance and higher education industry. Developed products that has machine learning as backbone.  Skilled in machine learning, deep learning, time series analysis, AWS, Spark, Python. Strong data science professional holding MSc in Finance. Graduated from General Assembly Data Science program.,
Data Scientist with experience in Fortune 500 Defense & Technology companies. Skilled in Data Science, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, and Relational Databases. Engineer professional working towards completing a Master of Science (M.S.) in Data Analytics Engineering, concentration in Predictive Analytics.,
in EdgeVerve  ML hackathon 2019 #2 in All india Sangam -IIT Madras ML Hackathon 2019  #Top 100 in ZS young data science challenge   Working full time as data scientist with focus on Data mining ,Predictive analytics,Recommendation Systems and NLP promblems. I like to solve difficult problems and providing deep insights about the impact of various factors on the business . I have experience in working with huge datasets in R/Python and Hive . I can automate tasks using vba or NodeJS.,
Seeking full-time opportunities in the field of data science as a data analyst and business analyst. I hold a Master's degree majoring in Computer and Information Science with a focus on data analysis and machine learning.  Looking to explore job opportunities that match my interests and skills; which will allow me to gain practical experience in software development and maintenance and hone my skills as a software engineer.  I am accustomed to being in pressure situations that demand composure and teamwork, with one year experience in developing web and mobile applications in the industry.,Tanvir_Roushan,
I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good consistently, then you should go do something else wonderful, not dwell on it for too long. Just figure out what’s next.” - Anonymous  After working as Data warehouse developer for 5 years. And doing a decent job in it for years. I figured out that it’s time to move on to something new/exciting. And Data Mining was answer to it.   I am person who strives for perfection (details matter). Working hard was always the way out for me. I always have been a quick learner.  Data-warehousing already got me comfortable with huge volume of data. And now, with newly acquired skills and ability to learn quickly. I am looking for a role where I can use my programming skills and data mining knowledge to help my clients make better decisions.  My passion lies in making sense out of data using different learning algorithms.,debpriyaSeal,
Data scientist/R programmer in project AdapteR. An R package that enables in-database analytics powered by Fuzzy Logix's flagship product DB Lytix on the Teradata database.  • Specialist in Banking Analytics. Fraudulent transaction prediction (Realtime) and Fraudulent customer prediction (Back-office).  • Worked extensively on data preparation and data cleaning using numerous tools including but not limited to R, SQL, Python, Excel, Visual Studio Code, and other text editors and IDE's.  • Teradata SQL developer.  • Oracle PL/SQL developer. Working with the Anti-Money-Laundering team in Oracle DB.  • Have used Shell, Java, Python for creating ETL workflow for smooth integration of data.  • Data integrity analysis and visualizations have been done with various tools including R, Python, and Tableau.  • Have knowledge of versioning systems including GitHub and SVN.  • Familiar with IDE's including but not limited to PyCharm, RStudio, SQL Developer
I am an agile data scientist who discovers opportunities and solves problems using data. I have extensive experience building credit scoring models, credit recovery models and transforming raw data into actionable insights.   My experience in building predictive models has been in the finance, agric-tech and solar energy space using R, Python as well as cloud-based platforms such as h2o Flow and MS Azure.,
Data Scientist with 2+ years of experience in the field of Computer Vision and Machine Learning.,
Having 4+ years of experience building enterprise products/solutions using AI/ML/DL/NLP and 7+ years of  experience in Software Development.,
I have 8 years of experience in areas of data science, business analytics, sales operations and digital marketing gathered at LinkedIn, Google and as an entrepreneur working with global startups. My areas of expertise are digital marketing and process optimization, machine learning & analytics, with additional focus on business case preparation and forecasting.,
I am a data scientist and biomedical engineer who is passionate about analyzing workflows and using machine learning to build new products that improve healthcare.,
Data science pioneer, founder, author, patent owner, CEO, investor, with broad spectrum of domain expertise, technical knowledge, and proven success in bringing measurable added value to companies ranging from startups to fortune 100, across multiple industries (finance, Internet, media
5+ years of experience as a Data Scientist. Strong expertise in Python. Worked with SQL and Hadoop-based databases with up to 100M+ users. Trained and deployed Keras+TensorFlow models as a Kubernetes-based micro-service on GCP. Strong mathematics/statistics knowledge.,
January 18,Masters in Computer Science at Illinois Institute of Technology.   A quick-learner with multitasking abilities, my passion lies in business analysis and technology. I'd love to learn newer technologies and explore transcendental boundaries. I'd like to work with an organization where I can thrive and work towards the culmination of the organization along with myself.    Business and data Analysis expert with 3+ years of industry experience. * Hands-on expertise in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Waterfall, Iterative, Agile and other internal SDLCs and technology delivery frameworks. * Extensive experience in gathering Business and Functional Requirements, developing Use Cases, conducting GAP Analysis, Impact Analysis and SWOT Analysis.  * Worked extensively on Business Requirements Elicitation, Process Modeling, Risk Analysis, and development of Functional Specifications. *Proficient in leading Requirements Gathering process via different elicitation techniques such as Client Interviewing, Requirements Workshops, Interface Analysis
Data science leader, specializing in deep learning and distributed scalable machine learning.  Experienced delivering data products for use cases including text comprehension, image recognition, recommender systems, targeted advertising, forecasting, user understanding and customer analytics.  Pioneer in developing training programs in industry focused machine learning and data science techniques.,MikeTamir,
I am a data scientist with interest and skills in designing intelligent learning systems and have 10+ years of diverse experience through my work in academics, research and industry. As a researcher I have solved problems in embedded systems, robotics, machine vision and natural language processing helping institutions accomplish results. Several of my research papers have been published in reputed journals and conference proceedings and are well cited.  As a data scientist lead at RealPage, I am involved in design and development of systems that collect, mine and use data to improve product effectiveness and user experience. My work in lead scoring, predictive modeling, forecasting and optimization has led to revenue boost in millions of dollars.  I enjoy building systems that do not just solve problems but also inspire next generation of engineers.
Serial Entrepreneur and Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning expert.  A leading Data Scientist and researcher with expertise in AI and Machine Learning. Also, a Startup Advisor and Industry Consultant having spent many years in USA and India in the high-tech industry. Co-Founder at CellStrat, India's leading Artificial Intelligence startup.  Serial Entrepreneurial experience having Co-Founded or advised several startups in prior years including Healthiply.in (AI-driven online health startup), LocVille.com (online furniture and decor) and SalesGlobe (sales CRM).  Long experience in telecom and digital industries in Strategy, Mobile Apps/Web, Data Analytics, Systems Integration and Enterprise Mobility, in leading MNCs like IBM, AT&T, Schlumberger, HCL-HP etc.  Thought leader within and outside the corporate environment driving innovation and consulting in emerging areas like Artificial Intelligence, Social Commerce, Enterprise Mobility and IOT. Regular participation in events and forums in capacity of Advisor and Speaker.  Specialties: Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning
As a Data Science professional, I am supporting the People Analytics team for LinkedIn while I pursue a Master's in Data Science and Engineering at UC San Diego. In this position, I leverage internal and product data to provide analysis and insights to help stakeholders make better, faster talent decisions. My passion in this area has pushed me to develop proficiency in programming, visualization, statistical inference, text analysis, and machine learning.  Prior to LinkedIn and UCSD, I graduated from Pomona College, where I studied to receive degrees in both Economics and Mathematics. For my degree in Mathematics (declared late Junior year), I wrote a senior thesis where I developed a statistical model of criminal behavior. I lettered for our school's Varsity Baseball team for all four years, receiving All-Academic honors.
India,Functional Expertise  • Statistical Modelling • Machine Learning • Natural Language Processing • Natural Language Generation • Deep Learning • Optimization Modelling  Technical Skills  • Advanced Statistics • Python/Scikit Learn/Pandas/Numpy • Keras/Tensorflow • NLTK/Spacy/Stanford Parser/StanfordCoreNLP • Hadoop/Spark • Tableau  Profile Summary:  • Certified Data Scientist with 5 years hands on expertise in HCL Technologies Ltd and in Accenture Pvt Ltd by understanding the business requirements and developing new insights, solutions using Statistical Machine learning models and techniques. • Expertised and had hands on experience in 5 different verticals building different statistical, Machine learning and Deep learning models using Keras & Tensor flow. • Expertised and capable of handling any data science project right from the scratch to till deployment in any domain, handling any kind of data i.e. structured or unstructured. • Expertised and hands on experience in all important python libraries like Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Keras, Tensor flow, NLTK etc. • Sound knowledge in all statistical concepts
Data Scientist at Amazon Web Services with expertise in machine learning, deep learning, statistical experimentation, computer vision and natural language processing. I have broad experience in implementing and extending ML techniques to solve practical and business problems. In the past, I have built data veracity models using machine learning and natural language processing techniques for international development and developed ML algorithms to solve problems in the renewable energy space. I am an advocate of open source and democratizing learning, and I have presented in technical conferences. In my spare time, I conduct research on Machine Learning for the Developing World and I was on the Program Committee for NeurIPS 2019 Workshop on Machine Learning for the Developing World. I also advise startups in the data science and artificial intelligence space.  Some selected recent news:  - General Masakhane paper submitted to EMNLP 2020. - Two papers accepted into WiNLP at ACL 2020. - Reviewer & Speaker, AfricaNLP Workshop, ICLR 2020. - Paper on Masakhane (Machine Translation for Africa) accepted as keynote at AfricaNLP workshop, ICLR 2020. - Program Committee Member & Reviewer, Workshop on ML for the Developing World, NeurIPS 2019.  - Paper on Using BiLSTM & Document Embedding to digitize parliamentary bills in Sub-Saharan Africa accepted to NeurIPS 2019 ML4D workshop (acceptance rate: 30%). - Speaker, 2019 Google Developers Machine Learning Summit
Data Scientist with 10 years of industry experience, expertise in Advanced Analytics and Cognitive Computing, provide solutions in domains like Healthcare-Marketing, Manufacturing, Distribution System.  Experience:  ========== => Currently working on a solution to forecast market share, demand and net-sales at country and drug level considering various factors like LOE, events and new product launch for a top pharmacy company.   => Built a defect prediction tool that provides a structured, data driven capability to anticipate patterns in which the defects will be raised and provides insights to test managers to plan early  and allocate resources efficiently.  => Shared solution to identify the impact of various campaign , weather & events and demography related factors at individual level and at a composite level for the Promoted & Non Promotes Sales Volume of a leading US based CPG company.  => Provided solutions to score,segment and target b2b customers, analyze product performance and compare it with the competition.  => Done resource forecasting for demand and roll-offs at country and IOT level. Used various advanced methodology like Periodogram Function, Seasonal ARIMA
Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, Forecasting, Clustering, R/RStudio, SparkR, SQL
May 16,Highly passionate Data Scientist with high analytical curiosity who loves to play with huge data and mine valuable insights for the company. Confident, articulate, and professional speaking skills with the ability to communicate the results to clients. I am skilled in Machine Learning, Statistical Modelling, and Data Analysis using various tools and models. I would love to be a data player in your company.  Strong in Predictive Analytics to help improve the business of a company with several data science use cases like sales forecasting with external variables, targeted marketing, etc. Worked as a Data Scientist Intern at a company to analyze 100 million data points of public real-estate data to analyze the variables and bring out interesting insights from the data. Performing Neural Network concepts of CNN and RNN on the data to predict the real-estate market provided with specific requirements.  Highly comfortable with advanced SQL, PL/SQL, and experience in performing ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) operations on data from various sources. I have experience in migrating databases with around 1.5 million rows of data.  I worked on a Thesis of Parking Availability Forecasting Model with Data Science using Machine Learning models and using Time Series Analysis and Forecasting methods to predict the availability of parking at a given space and time.  Languages : Python, R ML              : NumPy, Pandas
Hi! I'm a data scientist by trade, but have also worked in an marketing agency.
PhD in Economics • I am a highly technical Data Scientist, passionate to identify novel opportunities and provide actionable recommendations to business, using advanced econometric modeling and machine learning techniques.  • Developed predictive Marketing measurement solutions. Used Python to build real-time sales lift measurement using past sales, price, promotions, seasonality and holiday effects, to monitor real-time return on investment (ROI), following online marketing campaigns. • Enhanced and implemented Credit Loss Reserve calculation at Advance America, from accuracy level of 60% to 90% by applying customer segmentation, interactive grouping, unsupervised learning, regression analysis and credit score packages in SAS EG and SAS enterprise Miner.  • Forecasted Microsoft Xbox Sales for the holiday season to facilitate Supply Chain planning at Microsoft Corp, using predictive analytics.  • Explored the Fraud Detection potentials at Microsoft Supply Chain using data mining and pattern recognition. • Thorough understanding of various Parametric and Non-Parametric modeling approaches such as OLS, Logistic and Count Regressions
My professional life has been focused on enabling adult learners to succeed in the military and academic spaces.  From teaching combat life savers to Marines to teaching Business Economics and Business Math, my professional satisfaction is seeing adult learners become adult success stories.   Recently, I decided to pursue a series of certificates in data related fields to complement my newest degree, BS in Computer Science, with the end goal of being better positioned to build software projects and to enhance my ability to help adult learners transition into STEM fields.   Concurrently I am building a part-time business to help adult learners and small businesses, and the town of Oga, Japan. In 2013, I visited Oga and was amazed by its culture and the beauty. It is a magical place. Fast forward to 2020, I have launched Ogadesu, an organization that focuses on  small businesses data needs and helping adult learners. A small portion of every transaction is sent to charities within Oga.   I am also a professional tuba player, with soon to be released recordings.  私は日本語を話します.,this_programmer
Self-driven, strategic and quantitative thinker, I am currently a Data Scientist in the Innovation Lab at BNP Paribas. Working on challenging Machine Learning and Deep Learning models as well as developing relationships with people is what I am looking for in my professional career.,
Data scientist at Apple iCloud, focus on forecasting the future infrastructure demand (network, storage, CPU, etc.).   Author of Hands-On Time Series Analysis with R (Packt publication), and several R packages for time series analysis and machine learning applications.,Rami_Krispin
Data scientist with a background in engineering, physics, and mathematics. I'm passionate about using data to build great products.   Email: acmuhr@gmail.com Blog: www.towardsdatascience.com/@acmuhr
Interested in Data Scientist internships,
I'm working towards a bachelor's degree in Computer Science with a concentration in machine learning.    I have a lot of enthusiasm for creating what-if projects in order to apply what I learn in academics to my life. Most of my projects are about creating solutions to my daily problems.    My portfolio 
I am machine learning enthusiast, and passionate about applying my data science skills to uncover useful insights from data to make an impact on the society.
work with the Data Science Solutions team at Bloomberg to build machine learning tools to help clients across Product, Sales, Marketing, and HR better analyze insights from data. My day-to-day work involves building large-scale recommendation systems, text classification/clustering, and statistical modeling. I hold an MS in Data Science from Columbia University and a Bachelors degree in Computer Science.   During Fall 2017, I interned with the Data Science team at NBC Universal where I worked on clustering and inferential analysis to model demographic variation across TV shows and networks.   I spent the Summer of 2017 at Hartford Insurance building  loss models to improve on existing Class Plans for Auto Insurance. My industry experience also includes a year as an Analyst and a six month internship with McKinsey & Company.  Interests: Machine Learning, NLP, Deep Learning, Data Mining, Software Development  Feel free to reach out to me at amla2693@gmail.com!
I am a tech-enthusiast as the ubiquitous nature of technology fascinates me and motivates to learn and explore all horizons possible. I am dedicated and original in all the work I do. Hence, epistemology is  what i believe in rather than blindly following the already known facts. I am a Computer Science Undergraduate with decent knowledge of my field and would love to do research more on related areas if given a chance.
I am currently a data scientist at Bloomberg. I work as a quantitative researcher at BVAL - a team that prices fixed income securities. I am also pursuing a Masters in Data Science at Columbia University.   I have more than two years of work experience in finance. Having landed an internship at Deutsche Bank in Pensions and Insurance Risk Markets, I was awarded a pre-placement job offer on the basis of my accomplishments. I joined as a full-time analyst in the Distressed Products Group(European Portfolios) and was actively involved in end-to-end deal management and financial modelling. Working in a global team, I was based out of Mumbai; and regularly visited London, Spain, Portugal and Italy as a part of the due diligence process – actively organising roll-up sessions and property tours.  I cleared all 3 levels of CFA in my first attempt. I have a Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering from IIT Delhi. I received the coveted Director’s Gold Medal - the highest honor awarded at IIT Delhi for outstanding All Round Achievement and Leadership; and conferred on a single student in the entire graduating batch.  A 2-month internship in New York University, and a 5 month exchange program at the University of Waterloo, Canada have been one of the most enriching experiences of my life – enabling me to understand different people, and the amalgamation of cultures across the world, and being able to proudly call myself a global citizen.
Technical: SQL, R (dplyr, ggplot2, etc.), Python (NumPy, Pandas, sklearn, Matlplotlib, etc.), Tableau, SPSS, Google Analytics | Analytics: Linear/Logistic Regression, Classification, Clustering
Data scientist passionate about using analytics to improve products and businesses.  Experienced in predictive analytics, machine learning, statistical analysis and marketing model optimization. Hands on experience in prototyping and productizing machine learning products at scale, quantitative analysis, Map-Reduce and building machine learning models.
Contact: CL3195@COLUMBIA.EDU,
A results-driven and innovative professional with 3 years of experience in the analytics space. Skilled in advanced analytics, machine learning, natural language processing and deep learning.,
Aspiring Data Scientist.  On the look-out for opportunities.,
I strongly believe in the fact that data can exist without meaningful information, but there is no information without data. For me, as long as there’s a problem to solve or a challenge to puzzle over, it’s bound to be something I love!   TECHNICAL SKILLS • Programming Languages: R, C/C++, Python, MySQL, JavaScript, ASP.NET, PHP, Java • Software Packages: Hadoop, PySpark, MATLAB, Open CV
,July 7,,
I am pursuing a Ph.D. in Geographic Information Science (GIS). I enjoy bringing life to spatial and non-spatial data!  My effective experiences are on spatial data science, machine learning prediction models, spatial statistics, text mining, natural language processing, and transportation safety.    Programming Languages: Python, SQL, HTML, R, JavaScript. Python Libraries: ArcPy, Scikit-learn, Pandas, NLTK
Candidate for Master of Business Analytics at MIT (2019); Bachelor of Arts from Brandeis in Computer Science, Math and Economics (2016); Data enthusiast and programmer. website: vicky.mit.edu
Experienced data scientist and trained physicist.  I am experienced in end-to-end data solutions: understanding & defining the problems, logging and ETL/building data models, building machine learning models, conducting deep-dive analyses, presenting and visualizing insights, and communicating results and driving impacts across diverse teams.  I am now working at Airbnb on building Trust. Prior to Airbnb, I helped eBay develop future ads products. Before that, I was a physicist studying molecular dynamics and developing next-generation DNA sequencing devices.
Hi - I'm a data scientist with experience working in tech. I have:  1. 2 years performing analysis for a variety of business functions (financial, sales, operations, product usage behavior, etc.). I built data pipelines using airflow, worked with data engineering teams to collect these new datasets, and built dashboards in Metabase and tableau to communicate these results to technical and non-technical teams, including executive management.   2. Experience designing and running A/B tests using Segment, Google Bigquery, and Python to analyze experiments for new feature releases. I ran statistical significance tests, built confidence intervals, and gave product managers recommendations on which features to launch or not.  3. 2 years leading teams and translating data into business insights everyone can use to drive impact in the organization. In some of my previous roles, this work led to novel research papers published in peer-reviewed science journals.   4. Experience building and deploying a variety of ML models
I see the world of the future. I help businesses create it and parents train their kids for it. Ever since I was a kid, I wanted to build a cooler world. (Probably the byproduct of reading way too many Sci-Fi and Fantasy novels...still haven't gotten my letter...)   I love helping people understand technology and how to use it to their advantage. I've learned that for some people it can be a bit scary, but I want to help alleviate those fears to create something even better.   I love solving problems. With some creative thinking, we might not come up with the perfect solution but we can definitely come up with a better one.   I have a diverse background from Biotechnology to Marketing, and I like learning about new industries and their troubles.    I'm passionate about the future of education. I want to empower parents with more options to choose from. I'll gladly work with homeschool students and nonprofits on niche courses in the STEM fields. I've taught standard Math, Science and Coding(AI and Web Development) courses as well as Bioinformatics and Game Development. My ambition is to make a student driven game development studio (Launching 2020).   When I'm not working, I'm either improving my skills, reading a new book, contemplating a plot for my own speculative fiction novel, or dreaming up new business ideas.
Experienced Data Scientist with a background in applied operations research and machine learning. I am always using my curious nature, lifelong learner mentality, and analytical tool set to solve a broad range of problems. I try to not only build functional outcomes but aim to build a deeper understanding of the problem while doing so. I enjoy condensing technical material and/or findings into digestable formats that can influence product decisions.   email: Csinclair0@gmail.com medium.com/@csinclair0 ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀
Specialist on the technical side of data science, with expertise in analytics, data engineering, machine learning, and scaling data science through data tools.,
Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer with experience in Data Acquisition, Predictive Modeling, Statistical Analysis, Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing. With 2 years of experience in Financial Consulting and a Master's in Business Administration, I am excited to advance my career in Data Science in order to effectively solve business problems. I have a passion for learning and hope to be part of a team of experienced Engineers and Data Scientists!
Artificial Intelligence for Health, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP •	Data integration, data processing (Python, R)  •	ETL (Pentaho Data Integration, Microsoft SSIS, Oracle ODI)  •	Complex queries (T-SQL, PL/ SQL) •	Multidimensional cubes (Microsoft SSAS, OLAP)  •	Data visualization (Tableau, Power BI, SSRS),
Well versed in Python with experience as a Developer and as a Data Scientist. Interested in reading research papers and blogs on Deep Learning, Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing and attending meetups. I am an Aspiring Deep Learning practitioner with experience with Convolutional Neural Networks, Recurrent Neural Networks and interest in General Adversarial Networks.,
I solve complex problems creatively. As a software engineer with a background in music composition, I have years of experience thinking outside of the box to implement technical solutions in environments that prioritize results. I am obsessed with learning, and strive to achieve the simplicity that comes through thorough understanding - be that in music or code.
Rich experience in large-scale data analysis, statistical inference, experiment design, and predictive modeling using data mining and machine learning.  •  Great passion for innovating new methodologies in data science to scale and solve unstructured business problems.
I graduated Carnegie Mellon University with a B.S. in Physics (December 2019) with a strong interest in Computer Science. I enjoy learning about fascinating topics in many fields, including science, history, mathematics, systems level programming and game and game engine programming. I have experience and continued interest in the field of cybersecurity and data science, and have participated in cybersecurity Capture The Flag competitions alongside Carnegie Mellon's Plaid Parliament of Pwning - champions at DEFCON 2017.
Highly analytical and motivated individual interested in using AI to reshape business strategies to make data-driven, customer-centric decisions. I have 4 years of experience with analysis, a Master's in Biotechnology, and PhD experience in Cancer Biology and Genomics. Proficient in Python, R, and SQL. Skilled in data analytics, visualization, machine learning, statistical methodology, and programming.,
I'm a Full Stack developer. Below are my technical skills. Please message me for any business inquires.   Languages: Golang, Java, C/C++, C#, Javascript, Php, Scala DevOps: Jenkins, Git, Maven, Docker, Vagrant, virsh, Bash, Powershell Front end: React
Data Scientist at Genius Sports  NYU Master of Science at Data Science  Github: https://github.com/wxy829475,
GitHub: https://github.com/imadelh Online portfolio: https://imadelhanafi.com,
I’m interested in using data to help people gain insights, make better decisions, and create intelligent products. Experiences with such data-driven work have ranged across tech, finance, healthcare, and marketing.   I recently completed an MSE in Data Science at University of Pennsylvania with a focus on ML. My undergraduate background is in Math and Stat.
I am an analytics Professional with close to 4 years of experience in an analytics consulting firm, ZS Associates. I worked with Fortune 500 pharmaceutical companies to formulate their sales and marketing strategies. I led analytics teams through my constant focus on data-driven decision making, good communication, and interpersonal skills.   I am currently pursuing Masters in Analytics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Github: https://github.com/bandiatindra Website: https://bandiatindra.wixsite.com/portfolio   Domain Knowledge: Machine Learning, Predictive Modeling, Quantitative Market Research, Segmentation, Regression and Classification, Web Scraping, Natural Language Processing,
I believe in the value of hard work, authenticity, supporting others and being results driven. My passions include using data to inform decisions, engaging in the fight against cancer, drumming and giving back more than I receive. I am a runner and a cyclist so I believe that limits are set to be broken, not to hold you back. To me, learning is a lifelong process and I'm just getting started.,alannaiverson
Interested in expanding my experience in the field of Data Science, specifically in Natural Language Processing and Model Interpretability.
Machine learning enthusiast specializing in image processing, computer vision and pattern recognition. •	Proficient in rapid prototyping and designing algorithms for both embedded and operating systems. •	Experienced in organizing multiple projects, agile development process, optimization, and unit testing. •	Experienced in writing production-level code in C++, Python, and MATLAB •	Tools and Frameworks: OpenCV, DLIB, Scikit, TensorFlow, Boost, PNM, NumPy
An experienced data practitioner skilled and interested in: identifying, defining new problems and solving them by data science methods; prototyping, evaluating, deploying predictive models; designing cloud based architectures to deploy solutions at scale; and building, mentoring data science/engineering teams.   You can reach me at tarun.k.ruchandani@gmail.com.
Passionate data scientist with strong engineering background. Proficient in SQL, Python and R. Please feel free to reach out at kairan.zhu@columbia.edu.
I like to be at the intersection of Maths, Statistics, and Technology to solve real-world business problems. My interests include machine learning algorithms, automation, and optimization.,
Data scientist with a track record of working in tech and consumer goods industry.  Trained in statistical analysis, machine learning and finance. Skilled in SQL, Python, R, Microsoft Excel, Data Analysis and Simultaneous Interpretation.  Demonstrated experience in speaking statistics technical findings in business language.,
Growing up between Cairo, Dubai, Bangalore and Mumbai - I've always been quick to adapt to new situations and have  found it easy to work with people and make new friends. My favourite subject from the time I was in school has been Mathematics, as even the most complex problems always seem to have a solution.  Being a decision scientist, helped me find the perfect balance between my passion for math and my love for storytelling.   I now get to read and analyze data and then translate them into meaningful insights for my clients.  Introducing analytics into spaces that still leverage SME’s over a data driven approach to make major business decisions is a key goal of mine.
A data enthusiast with good knowledge of Analytics tools and techniques who is passionate about using data to create realistic insights and identifying actionable business opportunities through extensive statistical analysis.   Love building Machine learning and Deep learning solutions. Aspiring deep learning researcher  Graduate of Deep learning engineer, Natural language processing and Machine learning engineer nanodegree from Udacity
December 6,Failure & Success are the two events of your life, when we fail we work with EDA(Exploratory Data Analysis),Feature Engineering & Success is also not permanent at all because we have to optimize our ML model for the right fit. Can relate your life with 'Data Science' & do have conversation with me to make your model right fit to move ahead.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Data Mining, Pattern Recognition, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Anomaly Detection, Time Series Analysis, Python, Linux, Apache Spark, and Amazon Web Services.,
AI and Data Enthusiast,
Highly skilled Data Scientist with expertise in predictive modeling and analytics with solid background in linear algebra, probability, and statistics. Offer experience using ML libraries and applying machine learning algorithms and behavioral modeling to develop new solutions that deliver business impact and improve user experience. Strong communication and interpersonal skills with ability to present complex technical concepts to wide audiences. Fully authorized to work in the US.,
Data science/machine learning enthusiast with 3 years of experience working in the health technology sector across multiple domains. Experienced in a variety of machine learning and data analysis techniques with a passion for applying novel approaches to unique and challenging problems.,
Analyst with a demonstrated history of delivering complex projects. I have a passion for data science and the positive impact it creates in business transformation and process improvement. I focus on the solving problems which enable business to grow.  Key Competencies: - Python programming - Machine learning - SQL - ETL  - Business Development -Communication-Creativity and Innovation.,
Good enough is not enough, I want to be excellent.,
Data scientist with a coding background and a demonstrated history of working in a customer-first B2C company.   My current area of focus is unraveling consumer behavior in retail/e-commerce using the ever-evolving suite of ML/statistical models and empowering the business by building such insight generating data science products.,
Sr. Machine Learning Scientist with a demonstrated history in applying machine learning to production scale e-commerce platforms. Skilled in Pattern Recognition, Data Analysis, Programming, and Machine Learning. Focuses on Recommendation Systems, Learning To Rank, and Personalization. Interested in the intersection of research and industry applications. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (MS) focused in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University.
I always believe that just as electricity transformed industries in the past century, artificial intelligence is the new electricity now. I am blessed that I now work for a company which starts to emphasize the importance of AI and Data Science.   My story with Thomson Reuters started when I met the excellent data science team in the Boston Lab during my summer internship. I had the opportunity to apply NLP and Deep Learning into practical business fields, such as entities detection and document summarization, which has confirmed my determination to delve into AI field. After graduation, I rejoined TR,  working on an exciting project to build a course recommender system for our online course platform similar to Coursera.   The more you know, the more you know you don't know. I am always reminding myself to stay hungry and embrace the new AI technologies.,
My areas of interests are Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Human-Computer Interaction, and Numerical Linear Algebra.  My research lies at the intersection of these areas to create physical and virtual interventions that impact lives on a wider scale.  I have been working in the aforementioned areas (both corporate and academia) for 6 years now and even though I have written them separately, I strongly believe in their entanglement. I see research as a practice to ask the right questions when solving a desired problem. I have done some theoretical works like finding error estimators for iterative algorithms (linear algebra), research on gradient based algorithms (deep learning) and have also built intelligent user interfaces for people who are physically challenged (human-computer interaction), machine learning solutions for manufacturing enterprises for detecting defects and root cause analysis (data science).  My recent work is an adaptive virtual keyboard for people with severe speech and motor impairment that can be used using eyes rather than hand held devices like mouse etc. The keyboard is integrated with a customized machine learning algorithm for dynamic adaptation of dwell time (minimum time to click through gaze) by learning user interaction with the interface. Meanwhile, I am also building an indigenous eye tracker for fighter jet pilots using Computer Vision. Please find detailed description of my projects through my website below.
Customer-focused data scientist, AI-inclusive product manager passionate about delivering actionable insights that measurably satisfy customers and unleash profitability.  Successful AI and machine learning (ML) require transforming data into meaningful information, answering key business questions, and resolving the pain points in real-world processes. By leveraging continuous stakeholder feedback, customer-driven data science applies critical thinking about the business priorities, the data, and the AI / machine learning alternatives as a gestalt, rather than as a sum of the parts. My passion is helping others reap the tangible benefits of customer-driven data science.
Specialized in Predictive Modeling, Machine Learning, Behaviorial and Cognitive Data, Biostatistics  Computational statistics, supervised and unsupervised learning, ensemble learning and random forests, high-dimensional data modeling, simulation methods, robust statistics, genomic data science  Computing skill set: R, Python, C/C++, Fortran, SAS
My research and interests involve statistical modeling, statistical inference, data science, machine learning, and deep learning.
September 30,Curious and innovative individual, with an aptitude for problem-solving and attention to detail. I have been working in the domain of Microwave Remote Sensing, particularly in the application of Deep Learning to Synthetic Aperture Radar data.  My research has developed a set of novel methodologies that incorporate physical radar scattering principles into a novel deep neural network architecture for the analysis of remote sensing images. Applications of the technology developed include - classiﬁcation of challenging urban areas in radar images, urban change detection using minimal training/ supervision and the combination of multi-frequency radar data for agricultural crop classiﬁcation.   Previously, I have worked with several ISRO sponsored projects for processing satellite data. I was the primary developer responsible for the creation of the first toolbox in the world to process compact polarimetric data from India's RISAT-1 sensor.,shaunakde,
Creating #AI that we really need - #datascience #deeplearning #quantumcomputing #blockchain,RomeoKienzler
Prabhat is a data scientist with an interest in building algorithms and applications that solve various data science and ML problems. His focus areas and experience include Time Series Forecasting and Analysis of Industrial IoT sensor data, Financial Fraud Analytics, Retail Data Analytics. He also has experience in building reliable solutions for data visualization, data pipelining, data warehousing, database design and fault tolerant replication systems, web applications which leverage output from machine learning algorithms.  His experiences have stretched across industries like Oilwell and Oilfield Services, Financial Services and Retail marketing services. Each of these industries has afforded him the opportunity to solve problems that their data presents. This varied portfolio gives him the ability to think out of the box and provide solutions for complex problems.  Data Science and ML : Tensorflow, Keras, Scikit-learn, Scipy, Numpy, pandas, HDF
Strategy-minded, customer-obsessed quantitative professional. Experienced in A/B testing, statistical consulting, and building experimentation platforms at scale. Possesses a genuine love for learning and expanding her horizons professionally, personally, and culturally. Can typically be found wrapped up in culinary endeavors, on quad skates, seeing live music, promoting inclusion and diversity, or hanging with her two cat dudes.,
Highly logical, focused, and certified entry-level data analyst professional with graduate-level training in advanced statistics and predictive modeling, Intermediate to an advanced level programmer in SQL, SAS, Python, and R. Advanced data visualization training using Tableau and Power BI. No sponsorship required as I already have work authorization.
Data scientist with a passion for uncovering hidden insights within data and finding ways to leverage those insights to better the world. My expertise and interests include machine learning, natural language processing, and deep learning.
Experienced Statistician, Machine Learning Engineer, and Data Scientist with a demonstrated history in programming, big data, machine-learning, statistics, project management, and drafting data science research proposals and prototyping AI/ML solutions to solve business problems. Columbia University and The Data Incubator graduate with a strong data science and engineering background. Received over 12 scholarships, honors, and awards.  Data Science, Machine-Learning, & Statistics: Regression
September 16,Machine Learning and Data Scientist with 10+ years experience as an Enterprise Architect and Software Engineer as well as Teaching  and Project Management experience, and Problem Solving skills.,nariman06
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & energy industry. Skilled in Python, Finite Element Analysis, Design Thinking, Agile practices and Cloud based Applications. Strong engineering professional with a M.S. focused in Mechatronics and AI from Stanford University.
Certified Machine Learning Engineer in Data Science stream Passionate about leveraging ever evolving technology to bridge the gap between theoretical math and real-life applications Well versed in Machine Learning, Data Visualization and Data Analysis Expertise in applying Machine learning techniques such as Clustering (K-Mean), Linear Regression and Classification Techniques (Random Forest, KNN), ANN (Artificial Neural Network) and SVM (Support Vector Machine) Used natural language processing (NLP) techniques combined with machine learning models to classify customers' complaints Proficient in Data Cleansing, preprocessing, Dimensionality reduction, Exploratory Data Analysis using Python and R Well versed in handling heterogeneous sources of Data and implemented intelligent solutions that defines and shapes the Business Landscape Developed statistical methods to evaluate the extremity of a business phenomenon which indicated potential non-compliance behaviors Performed numeric data analysis using Pandas, Numpy and Matplotlib Efficient at developing algorithms to determine the Data Science Techniques Hands-on working experience in machine learning and statistics to draw meaningful insights from big data Closely Worked with a team of senior scientists as a machine learning engineer Worked on MATLAB Tools in applying machine learning algorithms on images (Computer Vision and Face Recognition) Technically strong in Image Processing Operations like Edge Detection, Morphological Operations and image enhancement techniques Familiar with Python-OpenCV module Performed model building and performance measure of machine learning models
I am a Business Analytics graduate student and data enthusiast professional with four and a half years of experience in Data Warehousing technology. I have hands-on experience in data integration solutions and data management systems.  During my tenure at Cognizant, I have worked on multiple projects for a fortune 500 Investment and Insurance company. I was a part of various business applications under lines of business like Commercial lines and Enterprise Risk Management. My roles and responsibilities involved data monitoring & quality check, statistical analysis, test planning, project estimation, dashboard creation, report generation, and automation.  Stepping into my data science career, I discovered two things about myself. First, I love numbers and get fascinated by the power Data Science holds when it comes to dealing with numbers. Second, despite believing in living in the present, I have been enthralled with predicting future while playing with numbers.  With predilection towards machine learning and analytics, as a student of Business Analytics and Project Management at University of Connecticut School of Business, I am honing my skills in the field of data science and analytics which will help me to be an integral part of business decisions and future strategies.  Skills: •Programming: R
I'm a data scientist, writer, educator & podcaster. My interests include promoting data & AI literacy/fluency, helping to spread data skills through organizations and society and doing amateur stand up comedy in NYC. I do many of these at DataCamp, a data science training company educating over 3 million learners worldwide through interactive courses on the use of Python, R, SQL, Git
7 years of experience as a Data Scientist in predictive analytics. Experienced in developing 'intelligent' solutions using Deep Learning and other Machine Learning techniques on big data in the domains of healthcare, BFSI & aviation. Interest & experience spans from research publications to business implementations and deployment. Experienced in working in Agile (Scrum) project management framework. Currently enjoying as a Lead Data Scientist in an AI CoE. Solving the firm's most stubborn problems using data science.
Bhavya is a technologist who is passionate about creating value with data analytics,  machine learning and AI. She is a fast learner and has strong communication skills. She previously worked as a software engineer which gives her the unique ability to understand AI from engineering perspective as well.
Motivated and detail-oriented computer science graduate from Arizona State University with 2 years of experience in software development.
Solution Architect | Data Scientist | ML/DL/AI Engineer | Big Data Engineer | Quant | Veteran Software Engineer,
Experienced data science professional with Masters in Operations Research from Cornell University. Strong background in Python, R, C, SQL and SAS programming. Past modeling projects include stock option pricing, risk attribution, decision trees for customer churn, CLTV modeling, and hypothesis testing of experiments. Currently working on forecasting using deep learning.  Excited about causal inference, linear algebra and statistics.
Machine learning, IOT and Data Analytics. •	Cross-functional team communications. Well established team leader and project manager.   •	Memory,data storage and computer model, design and reliability. •	Hardware and software architecture, subsystem and device solution. •	Multi-scale engineer physics model •	Over 100 publications and over 80 patents.,
Working on projects involving machine learning, predictive modeling, optimization, model deployment     with Python, SQL, Tableau, and AWS services like EC2, S3, batch, ECR (docker), lambda, etc.  • Acquired problem solving and critical-thinking skills through my doctoral program.    Skills- • Technical Skills: Python (Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-Learn
Data Scientist with over 3 years of experience in designing and implementing novel machine learning solutions to gather actionable insights from data. Proficient in a range of Machine Learning and NLP techniques with hands-on experience in building high-performing, scalable AI systems that works on big data to provide real time analytics, predictive models and decision support systems.
I work on interesting machine learning problems in Cloud Storage, IIoT, Education, etc.,
I am a data scientist with MS in Information Systems using Python for machine learning, predictive analysis, data cleaning, data preprocessing, feature engineering, exploration, validation and deployment. I have 4 years experience in data science field.  Language and frameworks: Python (scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, statsmodels, matplotlib, etc...) | Cloud Services (AWS) | Big Data (Pyspark) | SQL | Data Visualization (Tableau)
Focused, meticulous mathematician and development engineer finds ways to deliver high performance from software and hardware that others miss. Capable of working individually or with a group or of leading a group and mentoring engineers.  Have mediocre but adequate interpersonal skills; not interested in positions requiring better interpersonal skills.  Featuring: Data Analysis and Visualisation and Computer Graphics.  Languages: SQL, Scheme, Lisp, C, Java, C#, HTML, Ruby-on-Rails, PHP, PostScript, ART.  Operating-Systems:Linux, embedded Linux, Unix
Experienced data scientist/engineer/researcher in statistics, numerical methods, optimization, compilers, prototyping, dynamical systems, analytics and applied math. Software developer specializing in numerical modeling, optimization and scientific computing.  Specialties:  Statistics, hypothesis testing, numerical analysis, computational biology, numerical linear algebra
Hi, I'm Ryan. I have years of experience as a data scientist at companies like Mozilla and Google. I give global businesses new ways to sense the world through data science. I love mentoring new data scientists and data science teams. I write about practicing effective data science in my blog here: https://blog.harterrt.com.
Entrepreneurial, highly cross functional (Lead Product Engineering and Design for growth, GTM, Hiring, Sales), adaptive, empathic, Software Leader with extensive experience in SaaS, cloud, Big Data in Startups and Fortune 500 companies like Microsoft, Symantec, VMware across USA, UK, Europe
Google scholar page: http://scholar.google.co.in/citations?user=dM2nO6AAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao  Specialties: Experience in the fields of Computer Vision, Machine Learning and Image Processing!
As an accomplished and experienced Data Scientist, I bring hands-on experience with expertise and success in defining and driving data-based evidence decision-making with advanced machine learning modeling and alternative data insights. I provide strong experience in navigating ever-changing business needs and emerging technologies, as well as collaborating extensively with portfolio managers and product managers, as well as cross-functional teams in solving complex business problems and providing actionable insights.  As a Subject Matter Expert in financial markets and data science, my skill set includes Quantitative Analysis; Factor models; Time Series models, ETF’s; Alternative Data insights; and extensive modeling experience, including Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Forecasting, and Clustering. I am adept at identifying and prototyping use-cases where machine learning adds business value for Investments by synthesizing information from leading publications, as well as drawing actionable and executable conclusions.  If my profile is of interest, please reach out to me at sta278@stern.nyu.edu,
Passionate about building intelligent machines. Experienced in leading cross-functional teams to build scalable and effective data-centric products and strategies, across diverse domains: Voice Commerce, Display Advertising and Affiliate Marketing.  Published and presented research papers in esteemed AI conferences: WWW'18 and AAAI'15.  Invited speaker at major conferences: AI & Big Data Expo'19, WSDM'19, Fifth Elephant'18, amongst others.
September 5,I solve engineering problems with data driven insights. Here is the course I recently thought over at LinkedIn Learning:
My career is driven by two twin challenges: driving forward the transformation of the energy sector and creating solutions for climate change. Grounded experience in private sector energy startups, an international energy policy institution, and federal-level U.S. energy regulation gives me a unique holistic foundation for creating value in the energy ecosystem.   My broad experience centered in the energy industry spans across both geographical and intellectual boundaries. In my 6+ years of experience in the energy and clean tech sectors, I've worked and lived in three continents (North America, Africa, and Asia) and carried out projects in seven countries. I am currently a Data Scientist at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and hold certifications in Energy Risk and Climate Finance.,troyhodges12
Being creative is not a hobby, it is a way of life; a true professional life – That's About me.  Multi-faceted professional having over 2.5 plus years of experience in the marketing domain with Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification.  I am a keen professional to implement creative thoughts and ideas in the workplace and demonstrated a successful track record of solving issues in a challenging business environment. Skilled at multi-task handling with excellent exposure in various systems and applications.
A Ph.D. data scientist with people management, data engineer, DevOp, data QA, project management experience, and business/product knowledge.  Equipped with 5 years pharmaceutical, drug discovery, computational chemistry research experience, and 3 years residential real estate and 2 years tech, commercial real estate & accounting industries experience.   Agile/ Scrum, AWS, awk, bash
 New YorkJune 22,Mathematician working in the financial services industry. Skilled financial data analysis, advanced statistics and machine learning and deeply passionate on insightful visualizations. Finishing the PhD in optics, laser physics.
An avid problem solver who loves tackling challenging problems in technology.  As a former strategy consultant and data scientist, I bring a strong analytical and entrepreneurial mindset towards solving problems and driving executive-level decisions.   Experienced in defining product and technology roadmaps, conducting user research, identifying market opportunities, and using analytics and data-driven experimentations to guide product development
My research interests lie broadly in statistical methodology and machine learning algorithms as well as applied statistics in various domains. The central goal is to enable reasoning under uncertainty, to understand natural and statistical phenomena, and to meet challenges from modern data (including dimensionality, scalability, structural complexity and varying data quality etc). Of particular interest are the following topics:      - High dimensional statistical inference     - Statistics and machine learning for big data     - Methodology related to data heterogeneity     - Clustering and classification     - Data contamination and domain adaptation     - Human learning inspired learning algorithms (e.g., co-training, active learning)     - Ensemble methods for statistical learning and inference     - Spatial and computational statistics     - Imaging and computer vision.  Feel free to visit my web:          https://sites.google.com/site/dhyan2004/,
I am passionate about new technologies and always curious to explore opportunities with growth potential and broader social impact. I am thoroughly enjoying my experiments with data using statistical modelling and machine learning techniques. I enjoy every bit of it, whether it is building recommendation engines, creating impactful models, extracting powerful insights, identifying interesting patterns or predicting rare occurrences.  I am also an experienced solar energy professional and have built Yuktha Energy (http://www.yespl.in) with a vision to solve today's key issues of the energy crisis and climate change using solar solutions. We grew as a strong team of 25 engineers specialized in solar plant design and construction with an installed capacity of more than 300 MW.  Key Skills: Predictive Analytics, Distributed Computing, Machine Learning, Computer Vision,  Entrepreneurship, Business Development, Concept Selling, Renewable Energy Feasibility models, Energy Forecasting, Cost Optimization
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry. Skilled in Mathematics, Applied and Theoretical Computer Science and Data Science. Strong engineering professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) focused in Computer Science and Economics from Northwestern University.
,I'm a Data Scientist in McKinsey’s Digital practice.  Before joining the Firm I founded Tech Nick Creative, a Minneapolis-based digital marketing agency that was acquired in 2015.  At the Firm, my work focuses on the intersection of three areas: Data, Product, and Design. I consider myself to be an Analytics Engineer, in that I enjoy applying advanced analytics techniques to a variety of industry verticals to create analytics products.  This means that I'm well-veresed in both design and delivery. Data science and data engineering. Model development and application development. DevOps and product ownership. Identifying value and bringing it to life. I thrive in environments that require the integration of traditionally-siloed tech skills to deliver impact through distinctive analytics experiences and insights.  Views shared here are my own.  Strengthsfinder 2.0 Strengths: Command, Strategic, Ideation, Futuristic, Achiever  Pronouns: He / Him,nickrosener
data engineer, data scientist, roryhr.com,
Data Scientist combining classical statistical approaches with more modern machine learning methods. Recognized Data Scientist enabling Industrial companies both as in-house developer and as senior management consultant to a Fortune 500 client portfolio. Excels at bridging communication and process facilitation between highly technical project experts and non-technical end users. Additional areas of expertise include:    •	Consultative Business Development •	R •	Team Architecture & Deployment •	Linear Models •	Predictive Modeling/Analytics •	Decision Trees •	Start-Ups/Venture Capital,NPHard
Seven years of work and research experience in computer science and information systems.  • Believe in Data as a Service (DaaS). Devote myself to using data mining to learn the world better. • Familiar with processing large scale data set using the Hadoop ecosystem tools. • Familiar with C, C++, Java, Python, Shell, SQL, Matlab and R. • Research experience on Wearable Computing with Data Mining.  Specialties: Knowledge discovery with data mining and distributed systems. Solving real-world problems using programming and quantitative methods.,
I am a full time Masters student in Business Analytics with a keen interest in these areas:   •	Data Mining  •	Machine Learning •	Predictive modeling and statistical analysis •	Data Science •	Data Analysis and Visualization •	Business Intelligence •	Reporting  Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, R, Python, Core Java, C, C++, Unix, Linux, VB  Tools: Eclipse IDE, R studio, MySQL, Oralce SQL Developer
Innovative hands-on technology leader with experience hiring, leading and mentoring high performing data science and engineering teams.  I am passionate about solving problems and building data driven solutions that help startups, enterprises and government agencies realize the value of their data assets.   My interests include distributed computing, machine learning, information extraction from unstructured data and the integration of analytics into applications and data services.,jjvawdrey,
As a DataScientist, I currently provide engineering support to multiple functional areas as  Deployment, Commercialization and Product Management on innovative AI products and integrations from conception to large-scale commercialization.  As a French Man in the Bay area, I also love to inspire people to explore new paths and I'm dedicated to helping the French Community to Learn to Grow and Live a Purposeful Life.  I look forward to hearing from you!,
Former finance professional looking to utilize a background in Mathematics and problem solving in the world of Data Science and  Machine Learning.  Recent Data Science Bootcamp graduate seeking to utilize my skill set to help solve your company’s pressing problems and derive insights from data via Machine Learning techniques including Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Throughout my career I have developed the ability to systematically approach issues, communicate the problem, and find the solution, and I look forward to continuing that in my next endeavor.,
Causal inference expert. ~3 years of industry experience in Data Science. PhD from The University of Chicago.,
As a data scientist at Figma I have helped foster a culture of data-driven decision making while developing a fundamental analytics infrastructure which empowers sales, marketing, and product teams to make important decisions and understand their impact.
Software professional with 3 years of work experience. Earned a Masters degree in Computer Science from University of Southern California. Currently seeking Full-time opportunities in Software Engineering.
I am passionate about the intersection of neuroscience, data science and social justice.,
I am a business analyst turned data scientist who is passionate about solving business problems by data-driven approaches.
I hold a Bachelor of Science in Engineering as well as a Master of Science in Applied Mathematics from Ecole Centrale Paris, and I am currently pursuing a Master of Business Analytics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.   I have interned at Wavestone’s Machine Learning & Data Lab as well as BCG Gamma, both as a data scientist. I have developed an expertise in Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Optimization throughout his curriculum and have had extensive experience applying these tools and techniques to both business and research oriented problems. I am currently supervised by Prof. Dimitris Bertsimas (John von Neumann prize winner, former MIT ORC co-director) in my research on interpretable machine learning and optimization applied to various healthcare problems.  With my comprehensive analytical background and strong communication skills, I want to pursue a career where I can help companies leverage their data to make an impact on both their business and society.,
I like to solve problems. Being in the field of Data Science has given me a chance to leverage my analytical and technical skills to do that.  I've had experience in deploying end-to-end analytical solutions, while working collaboratively to deliver the results in production environment with deadlines.   End-to-End analytical experience includes • Defining business problem: Understand the business objective and define success criteria. Understand the current processes and the scope of the problem being solved.  • Chart the analytical approach: Use Hypothesis Testing and EDA to understand/prepare the data and define the approach (R, Python, Excel) • Proof of Concept: Work with the end user to iteratively develop a working solution that meets all the objectives and constraints (business, environment, tools, data, timeline) that can be scaled (Python usually done in MarkDowns and Jupyter Notebooks)  • Implementation in production: Scale the above solution with right infrastructure/tools to meet the complete scope • Evangelize the results: Develop the right KPIs to monitor the performance of the solution and communicate the results to the end user. Facilitate changes to the solution to aid the consumption of the product. Empower the end user with the required information to use the product. (Tableau, PPT) • Automate the process: Remove human touch points wherever possible. Set up alerts to easily monitor the process.   Skills Summary- • Modelling and Statistical Analysis- Regression,Classification,Neural Networks,Clustering, Time Series Modeling
I am passionate about solving real-world problems using data science!  My Qualifications: Programming : proficient with Python(scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, Seaborn), TensorFlow, Java, MATLAB, R, Scala, etc. Machine learning: experienced with Neural Network, Logistic Regression, KNN
I am a data scientist at McKinsey & Company I graduated from the Master of Business Analytics(MBAn) Program at MIT Operation Research Center and Sloan Business School. I was an undergraduate at NYU Honor Mathematics Major with GPA 3.98. I have achieved GRE score 338 (Verbal 168, Quantitative 170, AW 4.5). Theocratically, I am a math savvy who enjoys doing brain-twisting math. Professionally, I am a data scientist who loves applying model to make data-driven decisions. Personally, I am an amateur magician who have held 7 magic shows in New York.,
Senior data scientist, media researcher, and technical leader with a background in both start-up and large organizations focused on entertainment content. Experienced at building machine learning models, big data engineering, and delivering comprehensive analysis reports including insightful data visuals. Specific expertise in natural language processing and text analysis to convert unstructured content into structured, actionable datasets. Accomplished at ensuring cross-functional alignment and project collaboration while balancing data integrity and business impact. Seeking opportunities to apply my passion for data science research to creatively solve unique business and product challenges within media and entertainment.  Research areas:  data science • machine learning • natural language processing • digital humanities • narrative analysis • text mining • data visualization • media studies (search & discovery, trends, consumer behavior) • crowdsourcing • personalization • storytelling,Mark_Bessen
As a data scientist with 15+ years of experience in delivering statistically complex data mining and machine learning solutions, I have delivered models from prototype to full-scale production.  My approach to problem solving includes a combination of in-depth statistical modeling and software engineering that enables data science teams to deliver at scale for near-term business needs while maintaining a vision for the future state.  Leadership: - Strategic business and process development - Agile project management  - Team building and mentorship  Quantitative: - Time series forecasting and signal processing - Clustering techniques - Predictive machine learning models - Recommendation and rank indexing techniques - A/B testing  Technical: - Production level OO and TDD in Python, C/C++ and Java - Linux/Unix bash scripting - HDFS, Redshift, BigQuery, Postgres, MySQL, etc - Cloud technologies: AWS and Google Cloud
Data Scientist at Centiment   TECHNICAL SKILLS (1.5 years of machine learning experience) • R/RStudio (dplyr, ggplot, shiny, knitr) • Python (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scrapy) • Machine Learning Modeling and Algorithms (ensembles, stacking) • Natural Language Processing and Word Embedding • Unix/Linux, SQL, Git/GitHub • Statistics and Math   dengwj25@gmail.com | 540-998-6650,
Data Scientist with broad background with interests in predictive modeling and automated tools, looking for opportunities in South Bay Area.,
Dynamic, focused professional with a strong background in Data Science and Analytics with emphasis on Machine Learning with Python. Keen to build on the knowledge and gain expertise through rigorous professional experience. Experienced in building solutions and predictive modelling for retailer, IOT, financial and health care data.
June 19,Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the health, telecommunications, sports, and nonprofit industries. Skilled in R, Python, Tableau, and public speaking. Strong information technology professional graduated with a BS in Statistics from Purdue University, MS in Business Intelligence and Analytics and MBA from Rockhurst University.,
I am a Data Scientist and ML practitioner correctly working on standardizing LinkedIn's Economic Graph. Previously, at Amazon, I worked on making Alexa smarter and more productive for our customers by working on some very challenging ML problems ranging from personalization to relevance to text classification and natural language understanding. Before joining Amazon, I was at the University of Cincinnati where I got my master's degree in Analytics and thoroughly enjoyed deep diving into the data mining and applied machine learning space.   -      Interests: Machine Learning, Data Mining, Analytics, Predictive Modeling -      Analytical Packages: R, Python, Keras, Scikit-Learn, Tensorflow, Tableau, SQL -      Web Publications: Towards Data Science (https://towardsdatascience.com/@shreyaghelani) -      Conference Presentations: REWORK Applied AI Summit San Francisco 2019 –“From Word Embeddings to Pretrained Models – A New Age in NLP”
My background is in Atmospheric Science, where I use statistical analysis and machine learning to analyze climate change impact on wind energy resources.  I'm excited to apply my skills to solve data-driven problems in our lives.,
I am an experienced Data Scientist, having worked at Intellect Design Arena since June 2018 and completing the Data Incubator Data Science Fellowship Program in May 2018 as well. I transitioned into a career in data science following the completion my PhD studies in physics in early 2018, with a desire to translate my skills in mathematical modeling to statistical analyses and machine learning. I am fluent in multiple programming languages, such as Git, Python, and MatLab and am also able to use compute clusters and Amazon Web Services (AWS).,
Dr. Mourad Sarrouti • Areas of interest include machine, deep and transfer learning, natural language processing, question answering, and information extraction.  • Currently working on projects that evaluate the performance of deep learning (seq2seq models, LSTM, etc) and transfer learning models (BERT, SciBERT, etc) applied toward improving Natural Language Question Answering and Visual Question Answering. • 5 years of  experience in natural language processing, question answering and machine learning. • Experienced at developing machine, deep and transfer learning based-solutions for question answering and text classification.  • Efficient in documenting & communicating project results. • Prolific researcher as evidenced by  4 fellowships, 1 awards, 11 publications
I'm a full-stack Data Scientist optimistic about the power of data and technology to change our norms. I care deeply about fostering healthy, inspired teams and building robust data solutions. I have experience deploying ML solutions in both real-time environments and for offline, interactive dashboards as well as leading strategy definition and execution for Data Science teams.
I am a Data Scientist with a background in Mathematics and Business. I am proficient in Statistics, Data Mining and Business Analytics with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. My experiences as an analyst have taught me the value of understanding the data and leverage data to gain actionable insights for making better business decisions that can make a positive impact.  ➡️ Technical Skillset: ✔️ Programming Languages: Python, R, SQL ✔️ Modeling: Regression, Classification, NLP, Time Series, Neural Network, CNN, RNN, LSTM etc. ✔️ Big Data Toolkits: AWS, Spark, Hadoop (MapReduce
Electrical and Computer Engineer, proficient at manipulating data and applying machine learning to several domains. I have deployed models and data pipelines for projects in real estate, brain imaging, finance, operations and marketing using the Python ecosystem. Open for data science, analytics, BI and research roles.  Stack: Python, SQL, Spark, Airflow, Git, Docker.
The one thing in common among my work experiences has been the ability to understand the business needs of the company and the technical challenges of the problem at hand to develop a practical solution that works well and gets to market in a timely fashion.  In addition to this I build strong relationships with the people that work for me and with me. As a result I have a network of some of the best technical people in New England to draw from whenever I start a new job.  Currently, I have used my network to help start up my own company, called Fast Strike Sports, that makes fantasy sports games for state lotteries.  Previously, I was the VP of Science at matchmine where I helped refine an existing recommendation system to make it flexible enough to meet the needs of a wide range of partners (movies, music, videos, blogs and podcasts). This was not a collaborative filtering approach but one that focused on understanding the content of the items and the interests of the users. It required gathering data from many sources, analyzing it, and understanding user behaviors.  The work at matchmine was similar in many ways to work I did at Predictive Networks/Predictive Media. I was with Predictive from beginning to end and helped design an ad targeting system that had 2 million users at its peak, delivered over a billion ads, and had zero down time and zero complaints and in controlled studies was shown to deliver CTR 4-5 times higher than the industry average. Also at Predictive I helped develop a recommendation system for TV and movie viewing that was used to integrate VOD offerings into a unified experience for users. The IP from that venture is currently owned by a holding company for Comcast.  I am looking forward to my next opportunity to lead a technical team tasked with solving interesting problems.  Specialties: algorithm development, recommendations systems, targeted advertising
Highly driven data science professional with 3 years of experience in Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning, Data Wrangling and Business Intelligence.   Skills:  •	Predictive Modelling  •	Exploratory Data Analysis  •	Experimental Design Testing •	Marketing and Text Analytics •	Data Visualization •	Data Warehousing  Tools:  Python, R, Teradata, SQL, Hadoop, AWS, Google Cloud, Spark, Tableau, PowerBI, Google Analytics
Data Scientist with years of experience building applications and providing key insights to business stakeholders.  Background in Mathematics and Economics with extensive focus in Data Science through Johns Hopkins and Galvanize.  Project and Code Repository: • https://www.github.com/jbisconde  Technical Skills: • Big Data Ecosystem: Spark, Hadoop, Scalding, Presto • Programming: Python, Scala, C++, JavaScript • Statistical Computing: R, STATA, MATLAB / Octave • Database: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redshift, Vertica, MongoDB • Visualization: Tableau, Looker
Business-minded data scientist with a demonstrated ability to deliver valuable insights via advanced analytics and data-driven methods with 2 years of experience in data science domain. Well versed with data exploration, statistics, predictive modeling, machine learning and deep learning algorithms focused on computer vision, NLP and speech analytics to solve challenging business problems. Involved in Python open source community and passionate about bringing artificial intelligence and deep reinforcement learning to Business.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the healthcare and financial services industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Microsoft Word, Statistical Data Analysis, Hive, and SQL. Strong business strategic planning and analytics professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Computational Analysis and Public Policy from The University of Chicago.
I am a data-driven decision-maker and strategist. My passion is to convert data into actionable insights and recommendations utilizing predictive analysis, statistical modeling, and optimization.   Programming: Python, R, SQL, HTML5. Platforms: AWS (S3, SageMaker, EC2), Looker, Git. Packages: Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, SciPy
Data Science and Machine Learning Enthusiast. Skilled in Python, PHP, C++, Databases, and Java.  Strong research professional with a Masters focused in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University.,
Experienced Data Scientist with a master’s in computer science and 4+ years of professional work experience. Proven track record in developing predictive models, machine learning systems, text, and visual analytics. A strong combination of programming skills and statistics. Passionate about applying data analytics to solve real-world problems.,
The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure ― Christopher McCandless  Adventure seeker, always looking out for new experiences, passionate about Running (an ultra-marathon runner in making).  Data Scientist with 6 years of experience of applying machine learning skills into different business domain and building AI based Saas Products,  I take a keen interest in the latest research and cutting edge algorithms which are being used in the field of Data Science and implement relevant research from academia into my projects.  Expertise:  Machine Learning | Natural Language Processing(NLP) | Information Extraction(IE) Image Processing | Deep Learning | Predictive analytics | Operations Research Time Series forecasting | Route Optimization | Inventory Planning.  Tools:  Python,PySpark, R ,Ruby , Angular-JS, Matlab,
Lokesh is currently working as a Data Scientist with experience in NLP, Deep Learning and Machine Learning. He graduated from The LNMIIT, Jaipur in May 2018. His technical expertise includes fluency in programming languages including Python, R, C, Java, Keras;  fluency in databases like Neo4j and MySQL; advanced knowledge of libraries and packages including pandas, numpy, Shiny, twitteR, scikit, and d3.js and engineering tools like Airflow
I have over 3 years of experience working in Data Science. Currently, I work as a Data Scientist at Applied Materials, improving products and services for customers by using advanced analytics, creating and maintaining models and onboarding compelling new data sets.  Competencies - Data Science, Machine Learning, Big Data, R/Java/Python, SQL, Linux, Data Structures, Algorithm design,
Data Scientist with 3+ years of experience in Predictive analysis, Data Acquisition, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Data Visualization with various data sets. Specialisation in anomaly detection, AML, network analysis and Natural Language Processing based applications.
I am a practical researcher with mathematical and analytic skills, machine learning experience, and ability to create and rigorously evaluate new methods and technology to solve problems.  I am a senior software engineer with years of experience in a variety of technologies and platforms.  I think deeply, build software (both prototype and production quality), am unusually honest, strongly advocate doing the right thing, and get groups to work more effectively.
Data Science student at Illinois Institute of Technology and expected to graduate in May 2020. Have 2 years of hands-on experience applying machine learning to language detection, customers profiling and fraud detection problems. A quick learner with proficiency in Python and R, and experience in SQL. I am passionate about discovering non-intuitive patterns in data through machine learning which helps in making an informed and data driven decision.  Relevant coursework:  IIT Chicago : NLP, Machine Learning in Finance, Big Data, Statistical Learning, Data Preparation and Analysis, Data Structures and Algorithms, Algorithms, Applied Statistics and Public Engagement for Scientist	 IIT Gandhinagar :  Calculus, Differential Equations, Linear Algebra, C
Wei has a Ph.D. in economics from the University of California, Santa Cruz. His doctoral research experience includes the use of statistical tools and empirical techniques to conduct quantitative analysis and draw causal inference on the evaluation of efficiency in the online lending market at micro-level as well as measuring fiscal multipliers over business cycles at macro-level. He has also built a general equilibrium model to study and illustrate leverage movements over business cycles.  Strong background in causal inference, simulation, quantitative and statistical modeling and analysis. Also experienced in supervised/unsupervised machine learning, data visualization, big data analysis with Spark/MapReduce, and sentiment analysis with natural language processing (NLP).  Language and Tools: Python, R, Matlab, STATA, LaTex, SQL
Data Scientist with a PhD in Transportation Engineering and minor in Computer Science. Skilled in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Statistical and Quantitative Analysis, and Big Data. More than 5 years of experience developing products, designing and analyzing research experiments, and communicating valuable insights effectively and efficiently as a Researcher, Data Scientist, and R&D Consultant. Currently, I'm looking for a Data or Research Scientist position with a focus on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.,
May 30,Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, Financial Machine Learning.,prwl_nght
Experienced Senior Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the hospital & health care industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis, Statistical Modeling, Remote Desktop, Windows Server, and Window. Strong research professional with a PGP in data science focused in Big Data analytics from International School of Engineering (INSOFE).,
Responsible story telling with data, actionable insights, statistical thinking......,
Analytics professional,
I enjoy using data to drive business.,
December 10,5+ years experienced  professional with a demonstrated history of working in the Data & Business analytics with concentration in Marketing, digital, web analytics, Life Sciences & Pharma. Knowledge of Cloud technologies like AWS & GCP. Good with business intelligence tools like Tableau, POWER BI and dashboarding. Skilled in Python, R, SAS, Machine Learning, Analytical Skills, Requirements Analysis, Databases, and PL/SQL. Professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Data Science from The George Washington University.,
Being trained on Business Intelligence Technologies and Basic Software Engineering, started Professional Career as Software Engineer, developed Business Valued Analytical Products/Solutions for Manufacturing, Retail and Banking Industries, exploring and learning Data Modeling, ETL, Warehousing, R Programming and Tableau  Worked as ETL Developer using Informatica Power Center and Talend Open Studio in building Robust and Reliable Data Pipelines, raising the bars on my knowledge in Data Engineering, which I realized is very crucial for the success of any BI/AI Product  Currently, working on the Design and Development of Portfolio of Business Solutions in Manufacturing Domain, particularly in the Supply Chain Management using my skills on Data Analysis
Spearheading projects in spatiotemporal forecasting, machine learning, and large scale data processing.
Skilled in Deep Learning, NLP, Machine Learning, Statistics, and Algorithms. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused on Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania. An avid supporter of helping children from conflicted regions to take up education and rise as professionals. An amateur public speaker and a photographer.,ZairahSahaf
Data Science graduate student with experience across predictive analytics,  machine learning and Deep Learning, paired with strong communication skills and analytical ability actively seeking opportunities in the field of data science.
October 19,Learns Everyday!
A Computer Science engineer with a demonstrated history of working in Data Science domain. Skilled in Python, SAS, SQL, OpenCV, C/C++, and JavaScript. Hands-on with various clustering and regression techniques in Machine Learning and Neural Networks in Deep Learning.   During my under graduation, I acquired a solid foundation in fields such as Algorithms, Database Management, Social Network Analysis, Image Processing and Artificial Intelligence.   Current Relevant Masters Coursework: Deep Learning, Applied Multivariate Statistical Analysis, NoSQL and Big Data, Analysis of Algorithms, Advanced Software Engineering.  Always looking forward to solve new business problems
Ph.D. in Physics, result oriented, dedicated and scientifically trained with extensive experience in design of experiments, big data sets analyze, computer programming, predictive and statistics modeling.   Specialties: -- Machine learning, statistical modeling, mathematical modeling -- Software skills: Python, R, SQL, Spark -- A/B testing, error analysis, statistics and probability,
Junior Data Scientist with 2+ year of experience in project work, internship and research assistantships. Beat 50+ teams from top universities and big-data industry in HackathonCLT by building best machine learning model for the problem. Skilled in data preparation, handling big data, data exploration and visualization, machine learning, statistics, problem solving and programming.
5+ years of experience in large-scale data analysis, data ETL, data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis and modeling through SQL, Python, R and Hadoop.   - Proficient in using statistical tools to conduct data analysis for critical business decisions with effective communication to solve business problems and execute solutions. - Experienced in handling multiple comprehensive projects with short turn-around time.   - Techniques: SQL, R, Python, SAS, Hadoop (Hive, Pig, Mapreduce), Matlab
I am a 'Big Data' enthusiastic individual with vested interests in 'Data Science'. During my past project involvements, I have acquired skills in discovering the insights hidden in huge data, performing statistical analysis, Data Modeling and translating evaluations into customer-centric solutions.   In my recent past, I have undertaken various projects using R, Python, Statistics and Machine Learning. I possess the ability to coordinate with end users for designing and implementation of analytics solutions as per project proposals. I can easily prepare scripts to ensure accurate Data access, manipulation and reporting functions with R programming language.   In addition, I can perform various statistical testing methods and employ testing processes such as hypothesis testing, correlation and co-variance, significance testing using P-values, t-tests etc.     As such I believe, I am an autodidact with strong communication skills
Specialized in developing and deploying ML/DL solutions • Experience in CV/ML (classification, regression, clustering, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, NLP, Kalman/particle filter, etc.) • Experience with large-scale data analytics and modeling (Hadoop, Spark, Hive) • Experience working with deep learning frameworks (TensorFlow ,TF Serving, Keras) • Programming in Python, R, SQL
Data Scientist turned Founder.,lpettingill
Energetic professional in the Data Science and Analytics field with skilled expertise in SQL, Python and R. Have guided product managers, customer service managers and senior management make better decisions with non-obvious insights.
An enthusiastic fresher with highly motivated and leadership skills having bachelors of engineering degree in computer science Engineering. Expert in implementation of each step of project. Eager to learn new technologies and methodologies. Always willing to innovate the new things which can improve the existing technology.,
PhD data scientist/theoretical physicist with 10+ years experience in scientific research, data modeling and software development. Experienced in building scalable machine learning products for optimization and automation at startups. Proven track record in deploying production code to drive business values.  Quantitative skills: Machine learning, data mining, statistical analysis, mathematics, theoretical physics Technical skills: Python (scipy/pandas/sklearn/matplotlib), R, Spark, Vowpal Wabbit, Hadoop, MapReduce, Luigi, Hive
California,I have a strong computational background and broad experience in statistical data modeling, machine learning and natural language processing.,
Experienced Data Science associate with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Prior worked with RioTinto innovation center providing analytical solutions using predictive modeling and Machine learning techniques in different areas w.r.t Mining industry. Skilled in Statistics, Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning and Deep learning (Python & R). Currently working in Healthcare enhancing ease of work and striving for better solutions in critical problem statements using ML and Deep learning techniques.,
 Data Scientist with strong background in probability, statistics, and data modeling. My past experience ranges from insurance to telecommunications to government. Firm believer of lifelong learning and growth.   Let's get in touchPython, R, SQL, SAS  Machine Learning: Classification, Regression, Dimensionality Reduction, Clustering, Recommenders  Data Analysis/Databases: PostgreSQL, MongoDB, NumPy, Pandas  Distributed Computing: AWS, MapReduce
Experienced Data Scientist  with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & gas industry as a Data and Geo-Scientist. Bachelor's Degree in Geoscience / Mathematics and Master's Degree in Geology / Geophysics.  Feature engineering & machine learning Predictive analytics & advanced data analysis GIS analyst Complex algorithm development database design   Petrel, GeoGraphix, IHS Enerdeq, SMT/Kingdom, Texas RRC DB Python, R, dotNet, C# Javascript Power BI, Spotfire, ArcGIS, QGIS, scikit-learn  AWS: S3, Athena
A data enthusiast and a researcher in the field of Artificial Intelligence, with primary interests in Natural Language Processing, Cognitive Science and Machine Learning. A lifelong learner with degrees of Bachelor of Technology and Master of Science (by Research) in Computer Science and Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur.
Seven years of quantitative risk experience ranging from actuarial analysis to data science. Interested in applying statistics to new challenges in technology and research.
Excited to explore innovative applications of machine learning on various platforms. Builder of award-winning applied machine learning prototypes.  Let's connect and hack the change we want to see!,smellslikeml
Senior data scientist experienced in developing data-driven applications in multiple domains.
Having 3+ years of experience in Data Science using Python and machine learning algorithms •	Proficient in understanding and analyzing of data pertaining to various domains, build best-fit models based on the data and providing appropriate insights to business problems •	Experience in validating and preprocessing data using EDA and Statistical Techniques: Descriptive and Inferential Statistics, Univariate and Bivariate Analysis, Missing values and Outlier treatment and scaling of features •	Experience and knowledge on statistical and machine learning techniques: Linear/logistic Regression, Decision Tree, Random Forest, Naive Bayes and Clustering •	Experience in Feature Engineering, Variable-Selection and validating the model Experience in PCA, K-Fold Cross-Validation, Text Mining, Bagging and Boosting techniques •	Passionate about working on large datasets and able to design high-value-added solutions to business stakeholders coordinating well with internal teams and clients •	Experience in developing Dashboards and Reports using Power BI tool •	Experience in writing Java code and SQL queries,
As a data enthusiast, I strive to leverage data to make a sizeable impact on revenue and growth for a company. By applying Data Science, I seek to contribute meaningful recommendations for business teams to make better decisions in a way that may never have been thought of before.   I am currently pursuing an MS in Business Analytics from the University of Southern California, Marshall School of Business. I offer five years of professional experience in both technology consulting and the hospitality industry and have contributed to numerous projects including landscape analysis, Business Process Improvement, and Product Analytics. My interest in Data Science is inspired by my own professional experiences where I was able to recognize the impact of data and technology for business success in terms of growth and decision making.  Skills:  Programming: Data Cleaning/ Descriptive Analytics (R: dplyr, lubridate; Python: numpy), web scrapping (R: rvest), SAS Visualization: R: Shiny, Capture trends and unusual behavior (R: ggplot2, ggmap), Python: matplotlib, Tableau Data tools: RStudio, SQL (PostgreSQL)
I'm a Data Science and Analytics professional interested in solving real-world problems using Mathematics. I have 4+ years of experience in the field with progressive leadership in building scalable data-driven solutions. My expertise lies in category design and operations analytics of e-commerce across a spectrum of business problems such as consumer experience, customer engagement, and retention, returns, selection, pricing, traffic and merchandising and in other industries such as video game consoles, insurance and marketing,
I write about the inside scoop of data science, AI and productivity hacks.  I'm a data scientist, currently riding the waves of machine learning and AI at AWS. Previously, I have worked on time-series forecasting, A/B Testing, and product analytics.  I built the first time series forecasting model for advertising at Boingo Wireless; analyzed and help launched over 100 A/B tests at Amazon.com and have a US patent on experimentation with my colleagues. Currently, I'm building ML models for AWS customers from various industries to accelerate their business and products. I love it.  I'm from Dalian, a coastal city in China. I lived in LA and Seattle before I moved to SF. I just love the smell of the sea. (...and the smell of coffee!)  I share my ideas and learnings about data science through writing.  You can find my articles here: https://medium.com/@DalianaLiu  Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa0RTSXWyZdh7IciV9r-3ow  If you want to read more insights I share exclusively with my friends, simply add your email here https://mailchi.mp/c6b090cd7363/dalianaliu and I'd be happy to share them with you. Thanks for connecting with me!
I'm a former data science manager at Asana focused on working with product teams. I love the human side of data, thrill at well-communicated results, and am excited to spend my days thinking about how to build amazing teams. Transitioned into data after working as a flavor researcher (blog.galvanize.com/food-chemistry-to-data-science-then-a-job-at-asana/) and am always happy to be a resource for others looking to make the jump into data.
Applied experience in Regression, Classification, Natural Language Processing, and Neural Networks. Details and results lie under 'Metis'.   Graduated from the Kelley School of Business with majors in Finance, Accounting, and Entrepreneurship & Corporate Innovation.,
Data Scientist with professional experience designing and developing machine learning applications.  • Bachelor’s and Master's in Computer Science with specialization in Data Science.  • Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms and software design concepts.  • Strong background in the fields of data science and statistics.  • Experience in programming languages like R, Python and Java.,
I am an experienced data scientist, software engineer, and theoretical physicist.  I have 5+ years experience working as a data scientist in the private sector. I have 10 years of experience doing academic research in materials physics.  My goal is to use my mathematical abilities and my physics knowledge to advance the science and application of mathematical models of all sorts.  I have subject matter knowledge in the energy sector, e-commerce, real estate, and materials physics.  Specialties: Physics, machine learning, data science, statistics, mathematics, programming, research
July 18,Senior Data Scientist, working with Target Corporation for 4 years. Currently working on Target's Personalisation Engine for Automated and Intelligent Insight Generation.  Worked on ”Smart Buildings” project. Rich knowledge on data extraction, Information Retrieval and Automated Learning. A Masters Degree in Data Science adds on to the academic knowledge with the practical aspect. Exposure to various ML and Deep Learning Architectures. Committed to work, passionate to solve real world problems using my knowledge, never want to stop learning.  Completed M.Tech in DS(Data Science) from IIIT Bangalore  with Data Science as specialisation.  Self motivated, having wide range of skills and have team spirit as I have worked on many projects in big as well as in small teams. I am able to take on the responsibility of this position immediately, and have the enthusiasm and determination to ensure that I make a success of it.,
Data Scientist experienced in modeling Multivariate Linear and Logistic Regression, Classification Trees, Machine Learning algorithms using statistical tools like Python. Proficient in writing SQL.   Experienced in providing end-to-end analytical solutions from data acquisition and manipulation, exploratory analysis, building and validating predictive models to generating actionable insights from the analysis.,bulentarslan
I graduated from Rutgers University – New Brunswick with a master’s degree in mathematical finance (MSMF) and from Georgia Institute of Technology with a master’s degree in computer science (OMSCS).  I am currently having 4 years experience in analytics domain and exposure to various fields such as statistical modeling, machine learning, deep learning and data visualization.,
Ambitious problem solver, always looking for solutions using analytical and technical tools and techniques.  Interested in gaining a better understanding of any setting using data and mathematics to assist in decision making and understanding.  Avid storyteller, eager to explain solutions and methods to others.,
If there is one thing that drives the many varied aspects of my career, it is the desire to build large systems with a large number of users that have a big impact. This has led me to focus on distributed computing and networking, machine learning, natural language processing, security and more. Though these skills don't necessarily lend themselves to a single domain of effort, it has given me a number of perspectives that inform my designs of complex systems. Largely, I am therefore an architect and programmer whose focus is a balance between human and machine intelligence.   These perspectives are also taken from my career in a variety of startups and academia. I've enjoyed being a part of extremely effective small to medium sized teams building recommender systems, reading level classifiers, smart IoT technologies, and streaming analytics. In academia, I've taught applied data science and machine learning at Georgetown University and completed a PhD at the University of Maryland where I studied planetary-scale data systems.   To build great software, you need a great team and as a result, I think knowledge sharing and openness is another critical pillar of my career. I've contributed to many open source projects and am the maintainer of the Yellowbrick Python package - a visual diagnostics tool for machine learning that is affiliated with NumFOCUS. I've presented work at conferences including PyCon and PyData. And finally
High comfort level with programming and quantitative skills in data modeling using Python, MATLAB, R and SAS •	Web scraping, Data ETL process •	Potent statistics, mathematics, and analytics background •	Rich experience with machine learning algorithms, deep learning algorithms, general data analysis, experimental design, hypothesis testing, and time series analysis •	Dynamic experience in big data development with multiple DB platforms such as MongoDB, MySQL and PostgreSQL •	Effective experience with statistical software, reporting
I have a passion for science, art, and any opportunity to intertwine the two. Through my background, I have a lot of experience working with diverse groups and also independently. From my work experience and various research projects I have learned a few things about myself such as:   ♦ I like to share ideas. I don't care who gets credit because this is the only way new ideas prosper.   ♦ I don't accept discouragement from any failures; instead I let it add to my ever growing motivation and start the next day with a clean score sheet.   ♦ Being detail oriented has taken on a new level in my perspective. I've learned that the smallest things make the biggest differences.
Data scientist with 5 years hands-on experience in developing and deploying machine learning models for broad industry, including capacity planning, demand forecast, schedule optimization, recommendation, and production prediction. + Passionate in machine learning practices, including regression, classification, clustering,  dimension reduction, anomaly detection, association rule mining, time series forecasting + Skilled in data analytics with PCA, support vector machine
Data Science professional with over 4 years of experience in the field. Formerly worked as Data Engineer for the Tata Group building solutions for cross-domain intelligence on consumer data and as a BI consultant for a European multinational (servicing one of the biggest FMCG firms on their Supply Chain Finance and Indirect Taxes BI system). A zealous learner who's willing to experiment, work with different techniques and technologies to get the job done best.  Skills summary (In order of recent experience/stronger first):- Programming languages: Python, R, Excel VBA, Bash, C BI tools: Tableau, MSFT BI Stack, QlikView Statistical analysis tools: Jupyter notebooks, R Studio, SAS, MATLAB Digital marketing tools: Google Analytics Databases: SQL based (PostgreSQL, MS SQL, Hive); NoSQL (MongoDB)  Big Data platforms: Hadoop, Spark
,Data science expert with 4 years of business experience and 8 years of academic experience.  Holds a Ph.D. degree in Economics with a specific focus on statistical modeling.  Hands on experience: deep learning models(CNN, LSTM and ANN), decision tree models (XGBoost, LightGBM, GBM, Random Forest etc.), clustering techniques, data quality, statistical modeling, time series forecasting and panel data econometrics.,
I'm a fixer: I like killing manual processes and mitigating bottlenecks, and I love building tools that make someone's life easier. I'm excited about performing analyses, creating visualizations, and implementing predictive models that drive products or interventions that help people live their best lives.,
𝐊𝐚𝐠𝐠𝐥𝐞 𝐄𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐭 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥 𝐑𝐚𝐧𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠: Top 3% in the World (3689 of 118034) 𝐌𝐚𝐜𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 (𝟏𝟎 𝐲𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐬): Python, XGBoost, LightGBM, CatBoost, SKLearn, Linear Learner, RCF, K-means  𝐃𝐞𝐞𝐩 𝐋𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 (𝟒 𝐲𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐬): TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, MXNet, Computer Vision, YOLOv3, NLP
I am working with data science and artificial stuff.I am proficient in python,r,c++.I have good hand on work experience of working with machine learning algorithm .,
I am a MBA with a strong quantitative and programming skillset, most notably am a former PhD Student in Computational & Applied Math.  My vocation lies at the intersection of business strategy and machine learning -- generating actionable business and marketing insights by building good statistical models.  I love working with other people -- both technical and non-technical -- on these kinds of problems.  I'm targeting data scientist roles, particularly in sports, tech, and entertainment media.  Pre-MBA I was an econometrician at Charles River Associates for 5 years.  There, I used machine learning techniques to model consumer purchasing decisions and to predict demand shifts due to prospective large-cap mergers.    If you've read this far, 1. thank you for your interest, and 2. please reach out if you're interested in a conversation: ajh3@wharton.upenn.edu.     RESEARCH INTERESTS:  Customer lifetime value; statistical methods for classification and regression problems, particularly ensemble methods (namely random forests, gradient boosting); Bayesian posterior analysis of customers; dimension reduction; regularized techniques (lasso, ridge, elastic net); function approximation via basis expansion (namely orthogonal polynomials, Fourier series
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Market Research, Marketing, Data Analysis, Quantitative Research, and Artificial Intelligence (AI). Strong engineering professional with a Master's degree focused in Applied Data Analytics from Boston University.,data_girl_sarah
I am a data scientist, with experience in the retail industry, who is passionate about building better data products, and data science education.   Education: Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering (Minor in a Data Science) from the University of Washington, 2018  Languages: Python, R, Bash, SQL, MySQL, Standard SQL, Unix Scripting Cloud: Docker, Google Cloud Services Machine Learning: Linear Models with Regularization, Tree-based models (Random Forests and Gradient Boosted Machines), Unsupervised models (hierarchical and Kmeans clustering
I love achievements that are hard-earned and find myself constantly climbing up steep learning curves to develop new applications and products. I find it exciting to contribute to any and all phases of product development: from idea to market.  WHAT I DO: I help reach research goals in product development or applications. I also help technology companies optimize and demonstrate products. I work on mentally engaging and hands-on projects. For example, developing prototypes or implementing machine learning to predict outcomes.  HOW I DO IT: To achieve product development goals I find relevant research or knowledge that can be applied through experimentation. This typically requires designing statistically sound experiments and data collection using scientific equipment. I then analyze those data to drive decisions or create predictive models, which contribute to product development or improvement.  SPECIALTIES: Python, SQL, Scikit-learn, Airflow, Docker, AWS, machine learning, statistical analysis, image analysis, image processing automation, vibrational spectroscopy
Have a strong background in Statistics, Python and Machine Learning. Looking for a Data Scientist position in the San Francisco Bay area.,
October 8,•	Engineer with over 6 years of experience in building and deploying machine learning/deep learning models into production.  •	Experience in full-stack machine learning development including building data pipelines, system design, and continuous training and deployment.  •	Familiar with working in a business environment and delivering business insights and regular presentations to senior executives.
I’m a community health advocate turned data scientist interested in the intersection of race, health, and technology. My life’s mission is to improve the health of as many people as possible through data—especially among those marginalized and or with chronic diseases.  I received my M.S. from Stanford Med where I was trained in clinical research, experimental design, and statistics with an emphasis on observational studies. In addition, I am adept at coding in Python, R, SQL, and using big data tools such as Spark. This set of skills has allowed me to seamlessly navigate the complexities of working with both medical claims data and unstructured electronic health record data at scale.  In my free time, I volunteer with the Bay Area Community Health Advisory Council as well as play D3 men’s rugby. Please reach out if you want to learn more about me or how I am pushing towards a healthcare system representative of all communities.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Artificial intelligence and Machine Learning industry. Skilled in ANN, CNN, RNN, Java, C, MongoDB, and Python. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) focused on Computer Science from Sir M Visvesvaraya Institute Of Technology.   Find my research on dharmanathpatil.com,
January 3,A “full stack” data scientist with experience leveraging state-of-the-art machine learning to build search, ranking, recommendation and matching algorithms. Forward-thinking with a deep product sense and demonstrated ability to deliver solutions alongside engineering teams. Exhibits passion that elevates and inspires the team.   Machine Learning • Deep Learning (CNN, RNN, word2vec,...) • NLP • Statistics • A/B testing • ETL • Model Deployment • Server-less REST API,
To create a professional network. Specialties: deep learning (and application in medical imaging analysis), statistical analysis, data mining. Code proficiently in Python, R. Hands on C/C++, SAS, perl, VB, sh. vi guru. Background in theoretical physics and math.,j_dei,
A modern polymath, John possesses a unique and diverse set of skills, knowledge and experience. Having earned advanced degrees in Mechanical Engineering, Kinesiology and Data Science, his expertise focuses on machine learning, solutions to novel and ambiguous problems. He has a proven history of taking a problem from ideation to production by using a logical, but creative, data-driven approach. As a highly skilled Data Scientist, he has developed new techniques, lead teams, developing innovative data products and is a trusted advisor to decision-makers.  John is a natural leader
I translate Raw Data into Dashboards and PowerPoints and everything in between
I am currently working as a Data Scientist for the Data Science & Analytics Services team at General Electric Company, GE Digital.  Prior to GE, I worked as a Data Science Intern with a global manufacturer of finishing equipment to analyze the profitability via distributors, which enabled them to customize marketing strategies and optimize cost reduction.   I received my Master's in Business Analytics from University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management. During my studies, I worked as an analytics consultant on live case projects involving analyzing promotion effectiveness for a CPG company and demand forecasting for a travel industry client.  I strongly believe in harnessing the power of data science for humanity, I volunteer with many non-profit organizations to help them make data-driven decisions.  Skills: • Exploratory Data Analysis - Clustering Techniques, Anomaly Detection, Association Rule Mining, Dimensionality Reduction • Statistical Techniques - Hypothesis Testing, Linear & Logistic Regression, A/B Testing • Predictive Modeling Techniques - Classification & Numeric predictions (kNN, SVM, Naive Bayes Classifier, Neural Networks)
March 9,I'm a seasoned data scientist in machine learning, deep learning, NLP, statistical modeling, optimization and visualization. My general interests lie in using data science to solve business problems, develop machine learning models and software to solve real-world problems. Be open, be creative and move fast!  Specialties: ●	Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning ●	Natural Language Processing, Recommendation/Personalization, Search/Ranking, Computer Vision ●	Data Science
A winner in the worldwide Teradata Analytics Challenge and presenter at the annual conference in 2017.  Finalist in the worldwide Teradata Analytics Challenge and presenter at the annual conference in 2016.   I am a dedicated professional with 5+ years of experience in the Data Science field.  I am a loyal, reliable, ambitious,  hard-working individual with a passion for data science. For me, data science is more than a skill or profession. It is a constant-learning journey that empowers me to learn and achieve more. I have a personal passion for trying to solve the previously impossible.   I have worked on various Neural Network and Time Series projects. I have experience in working on techniques like Information Extraction, Classification, Clustering,  Sentiment Analysis, Text Analytics, Neural Network/Deep learning, Kohonen Networks, SVM
I am a software engineer having strong mathematical background (GRE QA - 168/170) and I consider both equally important in my success as a Data Scientist. I am passionate about solving real world problems. My industry experience as a Data Scientist and excellent coding, analytical & reasoning skills allows me to solve these problems. I want to use technology to bring a positive change in the world. I have experience in working and managing Development Projects, expertise  in machine learning, data munging ,  statistical model building and analysis. I also have experience in conceptualizing and administering various Machine Learning Projects and automating them.,iamDeepakA,
I am a data science professional with a breadth of experience and expertise ranging from software development, data analysis, statistics, machine learning and NLP.
Data and Analytics professional with 18+ years of experience in the areas of Data Engineering & Analytics, Data Architecture, Data Modelling, Application Software Design and development, ETL and Big Data •	Experience in implementation of various analytics projects on machine learning and deep learning algorithms. •	Extensive experience in Project delivery/Management, Team Management, Practice Development- POCs/Pilots, Presales support •	Experience in developing strategies, standards and best practices in the areas of data wrangling, data visualization and data integration and lead adoption  •	Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, tuning and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy •	Flexible and responsive with ability to adapt to rapid change in direction or business priority •	Significant experience in working with highly distributed
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.  I am a focused, self-motivated, results-oriented person who works on improving herself each day. Driver-Pioneer by nature, I bring the most thought provoking ideas as well as the drive to lead them to fruition.  Currently, working as a Data Scientist for AI Operations at Deloitte US, worked as a Machine Learning intern for two semesters (Summer '18,Fall '18) at Deloitte US.  Previously a .Net Developer at Infosys Ltd. India, who had a rich experience in working with technologies like Microsoft SharePoint, SQL, MVC Framework, WCF Web Services, Java
Have strong academic back ground (M.Sc Mathematics from IIT-Madras ) and 12+ years of experience in Marketing Analytics(CSI, CLM & Pricing), Risk Analytics(Credit Risk), Operations Analytics, Web Analytics and Business Intelligence in consumer & commercial banking, Insurance(P&C, Health), Retail, Telecom and Media for various clients in several countries across US, Asia, ia and Europe.  Experience in development of Marketing & CRM Models (Acquisition, LTV Models, Cross Sell & Upsell, Attrition Models)
A data hacker and open source contributer with a statistics background. Successfully architected and developed Natural Language and algorithmic solutions to help solve real business problems. Experienced in designing, building, and maintaining webapps from scratch and expanding existing systems in a variety of languages.    Proven Proficiency in:     • Python (Flask, Numpy, Pandas, sci-kit learn, NLTK, spacy NLP, Clips NLP (https://github.com/clips/pattern))     • Java/Scala (Stanford NLP, CoreNLP, Spray.io, AKKA, Play)     • JavaScript (AngularJS
 Accomplished artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data science executive with more than 20 years of experience developing actionable insights and recommendations which have driven profitable growth for seven different industry leaders.  Superb strategic leadership and problem solving skills.  Recognized for having led Subway to more than 20% annual sales growth, having lifted Staples to the highest retail customer satisfaction scores in its history, and most recently having introduced data science and machine learning to Constant Contact, Thermo Fisher Scientific, and ViralGains, which has driven over $2 million of incremental revenue.    Also known for building world-class data science teams and speaking with equal effectiveness the languages of both business and technology.  Specialties: Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Business Strategy
I lead the development and deployment of machine learning models and pipelines, with expertise in both real-time and big data architecture, specializing in Apache Spark. My initiatives have generated millions of dollars in revenue and savings for our clients.
February 28,Currently, I work as Data Scientist ,researching and implementing machine learning algorithms tailored to specific business needs and onboarding compelling new data sets.  Competencies: Data science, Machine learning, NLP, Python,Nishankmahore,
I turn your finance/reporting functions into a smooth and breezy process.  How?   My code will do the hard work by gathering, manipulating, consolidating all your data in one place to create financial statements and operational reports.  My focus is in the Healthcare industry such as Dialysis, Home Health, SNF, AL and Rehab Centers where many legacy systems can contribute to the challenge of managing data flow.  Bottom line: Stop turning the grinding stone manually and just breath easy knowing the work will get done while you sleep.
Published and award winning quantitative economist, expert on US, European, China and Brazil financial markets. Expert in using data science for quant and fundamental analysis and equity selection.,
Current Expertise: - Leading a team of sophisticated quants. - Implementing RNNs and CNNs for creating new variables to add to hedonic models. Letting data speak and capturing non-linear relationship in the process while penalizing overfitting. - Investment Risk and Strategy Backtesting - Stochastic Processes and Optimization - Derivative Valuation, FRTB - PD-LGD-EAD model for Commercial/Retail/Wholesale Portfolio, CECL - Prepayment modeling/Behavioral Modeling for Mortgage/RMBS/CMO using ADCo model in QRM framework. - Stress Testing for CCAR, Shock generation and feeding shocks to models, GMS, evaluation of new variables under shock scenarios. - OTTI Loss/OCI for AFS portfolio - ALM, EVE, NII in QRM, Liquidity & Treasury - Expertise in SR11/7, SR15-18, SR15-19 - IFRS9, CCAR, DFAST, Basel
I am a team player with expertise in driving Business growth through analytics. My skills repository include SAP BI/BO, Python, C, C++ and SAP Analytics Cloud.
I want to apply my 10+ years of programming experiences in the industrial field of Data Science, Data Analysis or Business Analysis. My expertise lies in the areas of data analysis, remodeling, visualizing, machine learning, statistical analysis, data mining and mathematical modeling. I want to effectively use my acquired technical knowledge and expertise for the future growth of the organization as well as my personal skill development.  I am working as an research assistant in the field of mathematical modeling, machine learning and statistical analysis. My programming expertise includes R, Python, SQL, Shell scripting, MATLAB, IDL and C/C++. In my 5 years of experience as an assistant professor
Professional: Ph.D. degree awarded with Dr.Varun Chandola and 11 years of computer science academic training. Research area is interpretable classiﬁcation models for risk prediction in healthcare, ﬁnance and other domain.  Contribution: Established novel tree structure factors interpretable regression model that raised state-of-art accuracy to over 70% in NY Medicaid Warehouse and factors understandable to research team for School of Nursing lead by Dr.Sharon Hewner..  Skills: Quickly new background learning and rich experience with highly restricted sensitive datasets. Strong ability to leverage mathematics and applied statistics or machine learning methods with visualization.,
Solving puzzles to help others, could there be a better job?   I've always loved puzzles and for me the puzzle pieces are data. I love collecting the data, sorting through and connecting the data, and finally using that data to solve a problem and make an impact. Data science has given me the framework to pragmatically apply my math and science skills to puzzles in a wide range of fields. Whether it's marketing models or semi-conductor research, there is data and there is the potential to use that data for overcoming obstacles.   It’s always been about the data. In the past I’ve worked as a scientist and engineer to solve problems mostly at the lab bench, but the experiments and solutions have always been driven by data. I used data to define the problem, form a hypothesis, and design the experiments. Then the data collected from the experiments was used to build a model, make predictions, and inspire future experiments. While I loved my time in the lab, I've recently decided to apply my efforts towards larger puzzles found in Data Science.,JackieKokx,
Previously worked in Analytics/Data Science and now transitioning to Software Engineering Front-End | JavaScript, React, HTML, CSS Back-End | Node, Express, RDBMS(PostgreSQL/MySQL), NoSQL(MongoDB/Cassandra), AWS(EC2, S3), Docker,dorrkis,
,I'm a geometric topologist at heart but I write Spark in Scala every day. I manage distributed computing systems, I research and develop algorithms, implement prototypes, and attempt to convince people to listen to data. I maintain graphs with billions of nodes, and handle tens of billions of records coming in daily.  If you have outrageous ideas about using data science for social theory, cinema, politics, people, and I mean, even futbol, get at me.
I recently graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of Pennsylvania, where I earned both an MSE in Computer Science and a BSE in Computer Science with minors in Statistics and Data Science. I will begin working at Facebook as a Data Scientist in August 2020. Feel free to reach me at arjunclal@gmail.com!   Personal website: arjun-lal.github.io,
I am a data scientist who is interested in advancing social good. I am skilled with web crawling, data analysis, nlp algorithms, distance based clustering algorithms, tree based classifiers, logistic regression and classification, and AWS.   In 2016 I graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a degree in Computer Engineering. After college, I worked on the Watson Patient Safety (WPS) project of IBM's Watson Health division. Here I was responsible for verifying the performance of Watson's models and API's. To expedite the process, I wrote scripts that would be run automatically and populate a dashboard with the latest model test results and information about the run. I was also responsible for constructing test plans so that manual testers could verify that design specifications and user stories were met by our front end design.   After working with IBM I attended Galvanize's data science bootcamp. I learned how to apply data science algorithms to real world data sets to find fraud in Eventbrite events, to classify news articles with NLP and predict partisan leanings, and to predict heavy equipment market values based on auction data. I also gained experience with web scraping, data analysis and presentation and A/B testing.   Email: Hamilton.Carpenter.mail@gmail.com,
Experienced data scientist, research assistant
I am a data scientist with five years of experience in data preparation, analysis, and visualization. I have worked in various environments, from consulting to astro-particle physics, where data analysis is crucial for success. Through my experiences I have gained extensive knowledge on visualization tools such as Tableau and BIME, programming languages such as python, and a thorough statistical knowledge of hypothesis testing, regression, and machine learning algorithms. My previous work as a contractor with Radisson Hotels consisted giving insight on business decisions through predictive modeling and advanced analytics.
jasjung.github.io | salary.ninja  I love to solve problems with data and machine learning.   • Experience with Python (Pandas, Numpy, NLTK, Sklearn, Keras, Tensorflow, etc), R, Spark, SQL, Hive, Hadoop
Data scientist and data engineer with a passion for causal, Bayesian, and tree-based methods for inference and model interpretability. I have extensive experience implementing large scale machine learning models and interpreting the results of my models. Through my experiences teaching data science, I take pride in my ability to present the most technical topics in an understandable and intriguing way.,
Postgraduate in Math and Sc. Computing from IIT Kanpur. Experience in Data Science, Software Development. Skilled in include Machine Learning, Optimization, Deep Learning
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Experiment Design, Hypothesis Testing, Data Modeling, Analytics & Visualization. Strong engineering professional with a Master’s Degree focused in School of Computer Science - eBusiness Technology from Carnegie Mellon University.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. Skilled in Apache Spark, Big Data, Amazon Redshift, and Amazon Web Services (AWS). Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Computer and Communication from Manipal Institute of Technology.
I am a curious and passionate problem solver. I believe that an approximate answer to the right problem is worth a good deal more than an exact solution to an approximate problem.
Currently working as a business analyst. I pursued my bachelor's from IIT Roorkee , majors in metallurgy. I graduated in 2017 summers. Having a comprehensive academic background, now my emphasis is on the real world problems. Apart from academics, I have good co-curriculars with an interest of dealing with people which makes me broad minded. I had been a part of various societies during my college.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & energy industry. Skilled in Data Science, Petroleum Geology, Geophysics, and Python. Strong research background with a Bachelor's degree focused in Geophysics from University of Colorado.,
I’m a machine learning enthusiast skilled in Python, R and SQL. I’ve worked with libraries including TensorFlow, Keras, Scikit-Learn, XGBoost, NLTK and Gensim.   I spent the past 8 months working at Audible as a Data Science Research Assistant on projects including predicting content quality metrics and studying the interaction between audiobook content and genre. Additionally, I worked with the Quantitative Investment Strategies team at Goldman Sachs as part of my data science capstone project, where I assessed pharmaceutical R&D similarity through FDA clinical trial metadata.   As a student at Columbia, I’ve taken courses such as Applied Machine Learning (with Andreas Müller, a Scikit-Learn core contributor), Applied Deep Learning, Algorithms and Exploratory Data Analysis (using R & D3.js).    I enjoy the experimental process of model development, evaluation
Data Analytics professional with Computer Science background utilizing Python, SQL for the data analysis workflow including data wrangling, data storytelling, data visualization, exploratory data analysis, and applying machine learning models to big data.   Competencies: Strong data analysis skills,  Python, Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, NLTK, Splunk, IBM Tealeaf.  You can find me at: https://github.com/khanhly4682/Springboard_MachineLearning
A burgeoning Data scientist with 2 years of experience in creating models, analyzing data, and making test benches.Ready to work on any complex problem,  which involves a copious amount of data and needs data science approaches.
I am a Data Scientist with experience in design and implementation of security and security management solutions. I am a highly motivated problem solver with strong communication skills. I am also an excellent technology adopter with business insight and customer service experience.  Currently working on machine learning and deep learning solutions with Python using a wide variety of data sources.   SKILLS  Statistics: Linear regression, Hypothesis testing, Network analysis, Predictive analytics/forecasting, Bayesian statistics, General Linear models, Random sampling methods, Missing data imputation, Tableau  Experimental Design: A/B Tests, Research proposals, Defining key metrics, Evaluation, Rollout plans  Machine Learning: Feature engineering / selection
I am a Graduate student with keen interest and enthusiasm towards Data Science and Analysis. Keen to complement my technical prowess with the management acumen to analyze and compute data to garner valuable insights enabling me to develop business solutions, I consider that the Information Systems will equip me with the tools to tackle complex problems.  Now I look forward for Full-time opportunities to gain Industry experience and employ my newly-acquired management aptitude and enhanced technical expertise to develop technology-driven business solutions for organizations.  Profiles: GitHub - https://github.com/prafulpb99 DataCamp - https://www.datacamp.com/profile/prafulpb95 Tableau - https://public.tableau.com/profile/praful.praveen.badami  My skills set includes: • Languages: Python (Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scipy, Scikit-learn), SQL, R, C++, VBA • Reporting and Analytical tools: Tableau, Qlik Sense, Advanced MS Excel (macros
DS/ML/AI professional with 3+ years of work experience across a wide range of domains.
Aspiring data/business analyst with a predilection towards drawing the unseen from data through visualizations and analysis. Interested in modelling the data and getting it into use for business growth. I have worked with various technologies, tools and techniques that fulfill aforementioned interest in analytics. I love to take up challenges and fetch meaningful results. I possess good interpersonal skills for working with team, also I am a quick learner.  Currently working on a project for improving productive time on social media.  Key areas: Data Analysis, Business Analysis, Business Intelligence Analysis, Data Analytics in Operations Management,
I am currently working as a Data Scientist at Affine Analytics. I have done my Btech (Hons) from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bhubaneswar, majoring Electrical Engineering. Having had a commendable academic record till date, I am highly motivated to learn through practical work in the field of analytics. A rich academic atmosphere in our institute has enabled me enhance my understanding through the projects undertaken and enrich my technical skills through the knowledge of various programming languages and softwares. I hope with this skillset and my determined nature , I will have a successful corporate career.
oftware Engineer with a specialisation in Distributed Systems and Data Science.
I am 5 years of Industrial experienced data modeler emphasis on data analysis, ETL, testing, modeling, evaluation, and visualization. I am actively looking for new opportunities for data engineer/data analyst/business intelligence analyst. Please feel free to reach me at michelle.xiwang2014@gmail.com.  Specialties:  Profound understanding of Neural Networks, GLM, Random Forest, Gradient/Ada Boosting, SVM, Clustering, Principle Component Analysis;  Experience in marketing analytics, targeting
Experienced Graduate Assistant with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in optimization, operations management and data analysis.  RESEARCH INTERESTS: -Optimization: Linear, Nonlinear, Integer Programming -Uncertainty: Robust, Stochastic Optimization -Simulation Data Analysis  SKILLS: -Statistical analysis: Access, SPSS, Minitab, SAS, R, SQL  -Operation research: LINGO, LINDO, Gurobi, AMPL -Project Management: Primavera
I love delving deep into data to uncover insights hidden by noise through end-to-end data science pipelines: architecting, testing and productionizing statistical data analysis to inform good decisions. My fortes include strategic data reduction and featurization, explainable machine learning, and result validation. I also emphasize a collaborative culture and concise but powerful storytelling.  Currently, I lead a team of 5 data physicists studying nuclear physics phenomena in ultrarelativistic collisions at the Large Hadron Collider. We’ve made the first ever measurement of a rare particle family in proton-nucleus collisions, providing unique constraints on the theory of the strong force.  My team and I analyze several terabytes of sensor event data, and simulate collision events using Monte Carlo to augment data and test analysis codebases. Each event contains thousands of particles and there are many millions of events: we identify a 1 in 100, 000 particle signal.
I feel that world is over-saturated with various data nowadays. A lot of companies have tons of records about their businesses that have been gathering over the years and they have no idea how to leverage it. I enjoy extracting the valuable insights from the data and developing predictive models in order to achieve specific goals.
I am a PhD data scientist who knows how to ask insightful questions, how to apply sophisticated analytical tools, and how to learn quickly. I understand how to solve problems and think critically, and I have proven writing and speaking abilities. Analyzing and interpreting complex datasets makes me happy, and I am known for being flexible, resourceful, and for achieving goals while maintaining a positive outlook. I work effectively in both independent and collaborative environments, and excel at communicating with diverse collaborators.  SKILLS AND TOOLS • data analysis, statistical modeling, machine learning, and natural language processing • R, SQL (also rusty bits of Python and C) • Github, Markdown, shell scripting
What's in my arsenal:   - Big data: Hive, Hadoop, Pig, Spark, Splunk  - Visualization: Plotly, Matplotlib, Seaborn, R Shiny , ggplot,  a little d3.js  - Machine Learning: Classification, Clustering, Regression  - Statistics: Experimental Design, Hypothesis Testing
Specialties: Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling,  Python, R, SAS,  Hadoop(Hive, Pig), Spark,
I’m a result-oriented Data Scientist with a B.E in Computer Science Engineering from BIT Mesra. Through the vibrant community of intellectual peers and professors at BIT, I assimilated the foundations of programming and gained a strong mathematical aptitude necessary for venturing into data science. I started with an internship in the field, where I learned the practical application of Machine Learning (ML) in the Food and Beverages (F&B) Industry. Later, I joined Ubiqum Code Academy in Barcelona (one of the best rated Machine Learning coding boot camps in Europe), where I worked on various projects, connecting my theoretical knowledge to the application of ML. I have also worked as a freelancer, right after the completion of my course, learned many new skills, for example, Shiny (an open-source R package for web framework), parallel programming in R, ensemble ML (ensemble methods use multiple learning algorithms to obtain better predictive performance) and reinforced few others (supervised learning algorithms).  I am looking for an opportunity to make a big impact through my technical/mathematical background and knowledge of data science. I believe in the simple ideology of “learn
Data Scientist, problem solver, passionate about modeling and building analyses that improve the life of millions of people. I love learning new technologies and implementing them to solve challenging, real-world problems.  I'm fond of teaching people and transmitting my knowledge to others. I appreciate working with a high perfomance team and learning new things continuously.,
Data Scientist, Neuroscientist and a Musician based in New York City. In 2019, Mohamad completed 15 weeks intensive Data Science program at Flatiron school. Experienced in Python (pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, scrapy, flask, etc...), Statistical Analysis, Machine Learning, Cognitive Computing, and Deep Learning.   In 2012
My professional target is to be a full stack data scientist.  Core Qualifications:  - Proficient in C++, Python, R, SQL, Hadoop (Hive, Pig, MapReduce) - Hands-on experience with machine learning and data mining algorithm, actuarial and survival analysis - A good foundation in mathematical and statistical theory  - A team worker in a multi-national group  - A sense of responsibility to make data accurate/clear and a good management of multitask  - A lifelong learner   GitHub: https://github.com/chenzizhang  I can be reached by Tel: +1 (339)-206-9069 Email: chenziz2@illinois.edu
Hands on experience on experimentation, causal inference, and developing ML algorithms. Growth is a life long process.   Website: https://swang34.github.io/
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Databases, Python and R. Strong engineering professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Information System Management - Business Intelligence and Data Analytics track from Carnegie Mellon University.,
stanislaschaillou.com https://harvard.academia.edu/StanislasChaillou
Data scientist with experience in asset management and healthcare technology. I enjoy quantifying and solving business problems with data.,
Experienced in Computer Vision and probabilistic modelling. Actively participate in Data Science competition hosted on Kaggle and Analytics Vidhya. Hold a bachelor's degree in Material Science & Engineering from IIT Kanpur.,
Data Science and Analytics expert with a passion for transforming data into actionable insights and predictions
Passion for  • applying quantitative methods to interpreting and addressing business problems, with the ability of hands-on statistical coding and modeling; • predictive modeling, data science, EDA and visualizations (D3.js), statistics and optimization;  • personalization in users experience, understand funnel metrics and anticipate users need by leveraging data, retargeting, predictive solutions and behavioral/social sciences. • storytelling with data  Working experience with   • Economic research • Ad tech, mobile advertising, RTB, audience targeting, segmentation, propensity modeling based on RFM (reach, frequency
Data scientist with a background in computer engineering and over a decade of experience working in a fast-paced team environment to solve challenging problems. Experienced in using quantitative tools with Python, SQL, and R to analyze data and create machine learning models for regression and classification.
I'm a quantitative modeler with expertise in machine learning, statistical modeling, portfolio reporting, actuarial model development, employee benefits compliance, predictive modeling, data extraction from multiple sources, data validation, and large data sets I am able to develop and refine solutions that can address business objectives quickly and accurately.  I have worked most  on short-term and/or consulting roles or projects leading to me acquire a wide breadth of expertise.
Interested in Machine Learning, Artificial intelligence
I am an ambitious Technical Professional with a keen interest in Data Science and Data Analytics.,
Ayodele is a Data Scientist with a Master's Degree in Data Science. She's created models that can predict consumer segment movement, the chance of a hockey goal being scored, and the location of firearms through walls using RF sensors.   She has spoken at conferences like the HUE Tech Summit, Data Science Go, and the National Society of Black Engineers Professional Development Conference.  Upcoming conferences include Refactr.Tech, Self.Conference, and The Badge Summit.,ayodeleohh
Love getting insights from data and utilizing technology to improve our daily life!  Passionate about the rapidly evolving New Mobility market. New Mobility is not only about transportation and technology, but also involves policy, economics, urban planning, social value, behavioral science and so on. Strongly believe nowadays urban challenges require more and more across-disciplines solutions and glad that I'm contributing to that!
Computer Science graduate with a constant motivation to learn new things and seeking a challenging career in a progressive organization to enhance my knowledge, technical skills and to gain practical experience in the domain of Data science.
I am an experienced data science professional with an Analytical Consulting experience for fortune 500 companies (India & World) of over three years. Management Decision support, process improvement, and continuous learning are my key attributes, and I have industry & project experience in the field of Marketing, Finance, Healthcare & Engineering.  I have honed my ability to align towards common goals and KPI's, taking a consultative approach and understanding communication is critical to obtain alignment. I believe there is always something new to learn in the field of data science & machine learning as boundaries are being pushed. I enjoy collaborating with others (in person or virtually) to gain different perspectives to refine strategies. A/B testing is fun to me, and I love the insights testing provides.  With the plethora of data sets that exist in today's business world, my perpetual curiosity drives the analytical side of my brain as I search for (and find) answers about why tactics are performing above or below expectations.  There's rarely a dull moment in my workday, and I like it that way.  ****Data Science & Analytical Tools & Technologies**** ->Languages & Platforms: Python, R, SAS,  Alteryx ->Tableau, PowerBI
Experienced Senior Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, NLP, Probability, Statistical Data Analysis,  Apache Spark, and Visualization. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science.,mathusuthan,
With a background in computer science, economics, consulting, and finance, I have always worked in a data and tech-driven space to tackle human problems. Experience includes multiple machine learning projects to solve or illuminate the social issue - I like focusing on the interpretability of the models because I believe that it is an integral part of the deployment of machine learning systems.   Tech/Personal skills include: Python, SQL, R, Python, working knowledge of Hadoop ecosystem (Spark), AWS, D3, C and effective communication skills, and business vision about data.,
Continuous and life-long learner with M.Sc. degree in Data Analytics. Start-up, corporate and academic experience in data analysis, statistical modelling, deep learning, database design and software development with total 7+ years work experience.
Thanks for visiting my profile I have about 3 years of experience in Statistics and Machine Learning, Sales Intelligence, Data Mining and related concepts in Data Science and Software Development  My experience and education has taught and/or familiarized me with-  Sales Compensation, Sales Pipeline Intelligence, Operations Research, Business Analytics  Data Mining, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Visualization, PowerBI, R Shiny  Relational Databases, ER Diagram, MS-SQL, Azure ML Studio, Databricks
Familiar with Big Data, Machine Learning, Programming (C++, Scala, Python), Algorithms, Data Structures. I am currently working with an H1-B visa.,
Mathematician turned Data Scientist with expertise in Machine Learning and Deep Learning real-world applications.  - Advanced Mathematics, Geometry, and Statistics. - Classical Machine learning: SVM, gradient boosting, DBSCAN, and etc. - Recommender System. - Deep Learning: CNN latest architectures for image recognition and signal processing.  Toolbox: - R, Python (pandas, numpy, scipy, pyspark, scikit-learn, lighfm, tensorflow, and tensorflow.js) - R - SQL (SQLite and Postgres ) - JavaScript (tensorflow.js)
I graduated with a master's degree in analytics from the Carlson School of Management in May 2018. I currently work as a data scientist at Mille Lacs Corporate Ventures. Prior to joining my master's program, I worked at Credit Suisse for three years as a valuations analyst, leading projects across global cross-functional teams. I hold a master’s degree in economics and bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from BITS-Pilani.   I like challenging myself. Of the extensive knowledge I acquired through my graduate studies, I find time series analysis and natural language processing most exciting. I enjoy programming and often couple it with groovy sound mixes. When I’m not working on a project, I love traveling, discovering new music, and playing basketball.  Competencies: Data Science, Machine Learning, Text Mining, Time Series Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Data Visualization,  Hadoop, Spark
I'm a mechanical engineer who's somehow found his way to data science! Currently working as a Data Scientist at High Peak Software Pvt. Ltd., Bengaluru.  I have expertise in: Python3, C, scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, matplotlib, skimage, opencv, PySpark, Keras
Hi,   I am a Data Science Enthusiast with more than 2 years of experience with American Express and AstraZeneca. I am passionate about exploring, defining and solving problems by harmonizing the knowledge of maths, computing, and business.  With a strong education foundation, I am currently a data science graduate student with the scholarship at the University of Illinois at Chicago and have completed my Master's from India's best technical university Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras with INSPIRE scholarship.   What I bring to the company:   - Solid understanding in diverse aspects of data science including statistical modelling, pattern recognition, image processing, deep learning, data mining, inferential statistics, linear algebra and network analysis - Strong coding background with Python, R
I develop machine learning algorithms and solutions in a wide range of domains. My work has been used in healthcare, fraud, finance, and social sciences.,crude2refined,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Android App development, Java, Amazon Dynamodb. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Computer Science.
I have experience of applying analytics to three vertical markets in Big Data; healthcare, finance and educational technology. I have a broad interest in applying computer science, and mathematics to problems of interest in the fields of big data, machine learning, analytics, and visualization. I'm specialized in quasi-experiment design, machine learning and causal inference. I have conducted workshops in academic and business conferences and built machine learning driven products.,ShirinMojarad,
Wrote the book: A Collection of Data Science Take-Home Challenges, modeled after real DS job interview takehome challenges. If you are about to interview and need some practice, you might want to check it out here (http://datamasked.com)
Builds products that make it easier for others to use machine learning (roboflow.ai).  Also: Started a data science consultancy (betavector.com). Helped buy/sell farms (80acres.co).  Co-Founded, CEO @ Represently (acq.); Build/teach 2000+ hrs of data science classes @ General Assembly; Gov/Data Products @ Facebook; Politics (digital agencies, US Senate).,josephofiowa,
A data scientist with experience in machine learning techniques, data visualization, and data analysis using R, Python, SQL along with Google Big Query and Microsoft analytics products such as Azure, Transact-SQL, Ms. R Server. An autonomous worker committed to strive in latest technologies and skills to get the solutions for the organization.
Data Scientist with 4 years of machine learning engineering experience. Currently, focus on Object Detection applications.
Vishaal is a Data Science Consultant who brings experience in the data science project life cycle including data extraction, feature engineering, statistical modeling and model interpretation. He assists clients by developing automated Machine Learning models to help them make data-driven business decisions.  Areas of Expertise & Technical Skills  Statistical Techniques - Machine Learning, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Cleaning, Gradient Boosting, Data Visualization, Regression Models, Regularization, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Bagging and Bootstrapping, Cross Validation, Time Series Analysis
May 22,Rajesh Shreedhar Bhat is working as a Data Scientist at Walmart Labs, Bangalore. His work is primarily focused on building reusable machine/deep learning solutions that can be used across various business domains at Walmart. He completed his Bachelor’s degree from PESIT, Bangalore.  He has a couple of research publications in the field of NLP and vision, which are published at top tier conferences such as CoNLL, ASONAM, etc.. He is a Kaggle Expert(World Rank 966/122431) with 3 silver and 2 bronze medals and has been a regular speaker at Kaggle days meet up – Senior Track.   Apart from this, Rajesh is a mentor for Udacity Deep learning & Data Scientist Nanodegree for the past 2 and half years and has conducted ML & DL workshops in GE Healthcare, IIIT Kancheepuram and many other places.,rajeshbhatpesit,
A results-driven and self-motivated team player with demonstrated experience in data science and analytics. Passionate about solving business problems using data. Skills: Python, R, SQL, Git, AWS, Excel, Matlab, VBA, SAS, Tableau. Email: angelawu2019@yahoo.com
I am an inquisitive, effective, and creative statistician and data scientist with extensive skills in broad areas like   1) Statistics and machine learning, including model building, linear/nonlinear regression, dimension reduction, prediction, hypothesis testing, classification, clustering, and data visualization. 2) Computing with large complex data sets, including experience with statistical computing, reproducible analysis. I have experience using R
Experienced Graduate Research And Teaching Assistant at Texas A&M University with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Python, SAS, R, STATA and JASP. Strong research professional graduated from Sharif University of Technology.,
A proven data scientist and machine learning engineer with highly cited papers. Google me! See references below!  One of my papers titled Composition Attacks and Auxiliary Information in Data Privacy has been cited by 340+ as per Google. Look here:  https://www.google.com/search?q=composition+attacks+and+auxiliary+information+in+data+privacy  It was published in the prestigious KDD (KnowledgeDiscoveryDataMining) conference.  Look here: https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1401926  Email me (ranjit.ganta at gmail) for an updated resume. Visa Status: US Citizen
Working at the intersection of economics and logistics as part of Instacart's Fulfillment Engineering team. Reach out to me if you are a data scientist, machine learning engineer, product manager or software engineer and you'd like to solve challenging and important problems with great colleagues!
Data enthusiast with strong analytical, technical, and communication skills. Proficient at problem solving, Data Visualization, Machine Learning, and collaborating with business partners to translate data into actionable insights.,
Maths + Technology + Business + Problem solving  Passionate and avid learner with keen interest in predictive analytics, machine learning, statistics, and finance  A unique data sciences professional with experience ranging from working with pure play analytics firm to consulting firm to applied R & D division of an AI enabled product firm  For anyone interested to become a data scientist, I'd highly recommend following resources for the preparation: 1. Statistical learning foundation -  https://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/HumanitiesSciences/StatLearning/Winter2016/info 2. Machine learning foundation - https://www.edx.org/course/learning-data-introductory-machine-caltechx-cs1156x-0 3. Advanced ML course - https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~ninamf/courses/601sp15/lectures.shtml (I am yet to finish this one),
Experienced Data Scientist with a passion for technical problem-solving. A tenacious, innovative thinker who has used Machine Learning and AI techniques to extract insights from data in the energy and financial sectors. Skilled in NLP, Deep Learning and Time Series Analysis. Pandas, numPy, Keras, nltk, spaCy, Gensim, scikit-learn.
Data scientist with 6 years of experience in using predictive methods and machine learning algorithms • Broad knowledge of Data Science including supervised and unsupervised predictive methods • Operation Research analyst with 8 years of experience in modeling and solving a variety of large-scale deterministic, stochastic and simulation-optimization problems • Broad knowledge of Operation Research including linear programming, integer programming, simulation-optimization, and stochastic programming  Technical Skills: • Programming Languages: Python, R including Shiny, MATLAB • Optimization Packages: Pyomo, GAMS, CPLEX, CVXPY, Bayesopt, Lingo • Data Science: Apache Airflow, SciKit-Learn, Keras
I am a trained software developer, with a background in electrical engineering, turned data scientist at Health Axis Group, qualified by 6+ years of combine excellent research, analytical, engineering, and documentation qualifications with skills in programming, machine learning, statistics, mathematics.  Outstanding communication skills; interface effectively with team members, management, and people of all levels and multicultural backgrounds regardless of technical competency.  Adapt to challenges and changing environments. Talent for quickly learning new information, procedures, and technologies.   Interests: real estate
Just finished a master's degree in Economics from Madras School of Economics, Chennai. Currently, I am working as Data Scientist at Scienaptic. I have done a few projects related to Econometrics and Applied Econometrics in undergraduate and postgraduate. Done Statistical Analysis in Undergraduate on 'Empowerment of Muslim Women:A Case Study of Aligarh' .Hands on Python, SQL, STATA and Spreadsheet. I am passionate for Analytics and have keen to gather knowledge from different websites . Love to diversify knowledge and skills sets. Knows Basic German language and love to travel and like to do hiking and adventurous sports.,
I make data speak! I have worn many hats throughout my career: 1) Data Scientist,2) Business Analyst/Product Analyst, and 3) Business Intelligence Engineer.   I enjoy being a data scientist for the mathematical rigor in modeling nebulous matters, Business/Product Analyst for structured curiosity and analytical problem solving, and Business Intelligence Engineer for the opportunity to build scalable analytics solutions empowering many others to make evidence-based decisions.   Depending on the task at hand, my daily dose of fun could be either data deep dives with SQL/Tableau/matplotlib, statistical model building with Python/R, or strategizing with domain experts to frame problems and design solutions. With a blend of these skills, I’m lucky to have worked with the most passionate and smartest people solving the hardest problems in product, marketing, and operations. It’s been a humbling journey over the past 2+ years working in digital media/entertainment, public policy, retail, and philanthropy.   I’m also working on my MS in Business Analytics from University of Southern California.  My Toolkit: Languages - R
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in tech. Skilled in using data to tell   a story and inform product strategy and initiatives.,
Data Scientist with a solid foundation in Statistics & Machine Learning, along with strong business acumen.  Technology skill set spans across •     Data analysis using Python, R , SAS, SQL and Excel •      Machine Learning and Natural language processing (NLP) using Python, R  •      Data Visualization - Tableau, D3  •      Software development - C++, JAVA, PERL, SHELL, HTML
June 20,Experienced Data Scientist with good knowledge on Statistical Inference and Data mining techniques. Expert in Multiple regression, Classification techniques such as Decision tree and Random forest.  Strong coding skills.
A Full-Stack Data Scientist: - Programming: Python, R, Java, SQL, Git, Bash Scripting - Techniques: Machine Learning, Recommender Systems, Natural Language Processing, Time-Series and Forecasting, A/B Testing and Experimentation - Data Visualization: Python, R, Looker, Tableau,
February 4,I love writing code and blog.  I am passionate about improving the efficiency of business and quality of people's life with technology. I have been a blogger for over a decade. You are welcome to visit https://medium.com/@gloria.zxl  My specialties: • Data-driven marketing • Machine learning modeling and database management • Market entry and expansion strategy • Business development • Due diligence and M&A advisory • China Hightech and healthcare industry
August 26,Who am I? ========= I am a Data Science Leader and a Data Strategist, and I take great pleasure in envisioning the future of Data Science and evangelizing it. I am particularly skilled in growing and managing early-stage data teams, and I am highly comfortable managing hybrid teams, including product managers, data scientists, data analysts and engineers across the board (Front-End, Backend, Systems, etc.)  I am a keynote speaker and have spoken at most major conferences in the field. I like to evangelize not only the role of Data Science in the Industry, but also the key role that women have to play in Tech. I am proud to say that I have inspired many young women to start a career in STEM. I am also a sought-after consultant and have advised countless companies on how to establish a winning data strategy, and how to avoid the common pitfalls when building a data function. I am able to instill a data-centric mindset in even the most skeptical environments.  As a people manager, I believe first and foremost that the best leaders should remain hands-on in order to be able to jump in when needed, and to fully understand the challenges of their team members. I strongly oppose micro-management and believe in empowerment through trust and partnership. I value complete transparency
Currently pursuing my Master's degree in Data Science from University at Buffalo NY. Aspiring to become a data scientist working in prediction algorithms as well as a python developer in analyst firms.  I am currently pursuing my Masters in Data Science at University at Buffalo (SUNY) with a GPA of 3.734/4 and will complete my course by December 2019 and will be graduating in February 2020. As a part of my curriculum, I worked on ‘Rossmann Store: Forecasting the Sales’ project, with an accuracy of 95%. Also worked on Twitter Sentiment Analysis, classified twitter data as of relevance of buying a mutual fund or irrelevance using a sentiment analysis technique.  Utilized regex, Python ntlk, textblob, and Word Cloud packages to understand and visualize the twitter data. Utilized stemming, n-gram, tf-IDF, BagofWords, word2vec techniques to perform feature extraction. Trained Naïve Bayes classifier model and used it to predict relevant tweets among the Test data. Also familiar with all Machine learning algorithms and Bigdata. Currently working as an AI Engineering Intern at MTX group Inc. Worked on different POC projects as part of my deliverables on different machine learning models for loan originations and computer vision. Also, DevOps part into building a final tool. Data Analytics professional with 4+ years of experience spanning across all stages of the project life cycle, ranging from business requirements gathering and application development. Ability to coordinate with clients and provide technical and functional guidance to the team. Have a very good experience in data integration/ETL (Analysis, Design
I made a career transition from a semiconductor engineer to a data scientist. It was a long and hard, but stimulating journey. With my physics background, at least I was not intimidated by statistics and linear algebra used in data science. Currently I am working as a data scientist and am still studying machine learning on my own.,
A Data Scientist with a keen eye on global trends in economy, innovations and businesses. Love to work with data to drive forecasting, better predictions and create more value.  Key skills - R, Machine Learning, Tableau, SQL, Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Sqoop, HBase,
Jumping out of planes and going down bob-runs head first on nothing more than a tray may seem like a good way to injure yourself. I used to agree with you. However, what if I told you that by using analytics I learned that you’re more likely to break a bone by tripping over your shoelace than skydiving? Whether for personal choices or in a business context, insight from data can throw up some surprises. I help you to find and act on them.   I am passionate about harnessing the predictive as well as descriptive power of analytics. Generating insight from data, making it actionable and creating value is what drives me to bring people onto the analytics journey.  My collaborative, analytical and value driven approach has enabled me to solve business problems in diverse industries. Most of my experience is in financial services but I have applied analytics in areas such as sports, logistics and social media.  Specialities: Predictive & descriptive analytics, machine learning, data exploration, insight generation, value creation Technologies: R, Alteryx, Tableau, QlikView
During this global pandemic I’m holding daily I’m holding Data Science discussions. Method Data Science Discussions: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/method-data-science-discussions-beau-walker  Hire Me:  You can hire me and/or my team at Method Data Science on a per-project or retainer basis.   About Me:  I make companies faster, more efficient, and smarter with data science, machine learning, and AI.   I'm a consulting data scientist and inventor. I help individuals and companies become data science rock stars - to use data science to transform the way that they think, make decisions, and build products.  I have years of experience both doing and teaching data science. I'm a generalist: my experience includes AI / machine learning, business analytics, data collection, data engineering and architecture, software development, study design, data preparation
Seasoned data scientist with experience in a wide variety of industries including energy, finance, and consumer tech. I optimize all the things utilizing machine learning, web development, scripting, data analysis, and whatever else it takes to get the job done.,
ML Practitioner Machine Learning (Software) Engineer Principal Data Scientist AI Researcher CAIO AI Product Manager (Agile & AnalyticsOps/AIOps/MLOps AutoML) Software Engineer Competitive Programmer Kaggle Master ML Consultant A Member of HBR Ascend Select A PSF Contributing Member Participant of TensorFlow Research Cloud (TFRC) program F6S Alpha Founder Ethical Hacker Open Source OSS Developer YC SUS Certified  An AI Entrepreneur Founder CEO Managing Director AI Chief of DeepBrainz Technologies: A DPIIT/DIPP Recognized AI Technology Startup Company; DeepBrainz, An End-to-End Autonomous Enterprise AI Platform & AI-first SaaS + Edge IoT Platform for Everyone, An NVIDIA Inception Member, A Google Cloud Technology Partner, An APN Technology Partner, Building, Advancing, and Democratizing Tomorrow's State-of-the-art AI & Cutting-edge Technologies, Focuses Influencing Industries Empowering Humanity Universally via AI for ALL Strategic Policy through R&D, Innovation and Breakthroughs!  An alumnus of Anna University Cambridge School YC SUS W2020 | An Objectivist Future Innovator & Influencer!  Information Communication & Technology ICT Computer Science CS & Engineering Data Science & Engineering  Artificial Intelligence AI Machine Learning ML Neural Networks Deep Learning CNNs LSTM GRU GANs Deep RL Supervised/Unsupervised Learning Data Science  Computer Vision CV  Natural Language Processing NLP Robotics Artificial General Intelligence AGI  Python & it's all major Libraries Scipy Stack scikit-learn TensorFlow Keras PyTorch ASF MXNet DeepMind DQN DNC Sonnet OpenAI Gym Baselines CUDA Hadoop MapReduce Spark Rstats & OSS  Google Cloud GCP AutoML Cloud TPU AWS MLaaS IBM Watson Azure ML Spark MLlib Hadoop Ecosystem  Substantive Expertise Big Data Mathematical Statistical Computational Quantitative Hacking Skills  IoT/IIOT Cloud-Native AR/VR Quantum Computing Blockchain & Emerging Technologies!  IT Business Strategy OKRs Management Entrepreneurship Startup & Innovation  Psychology Emotional Intelligence EQ/EI Decision Sciences  Creativity Brainstorming Critical Thinking Logical Analytical Problem Solving Interpersonal Skills & all Competencies  Above all, the key skill called LEARNABILITY with Growth Mindset will help acquire all necessary skills of all Emerging Technologies Markets to pursue my DREAMS through Mission Vision & Core Values!  To be an asset to the organization by working with honesty and determination and have challenges as my duty and opportunity to achieve professional and personal growth along with the organization.
I am currently involved in predicting the potential failures in wind turbines using standard signal data in one of the leading wind energy company. I am responsible for predicting the failures in different failure modes using machine learning algorithms like Random Forest, Decision trees and logistic regression.  I am also pursuing Business Analytics and Intelligence in Indian Institute of Management Banglore.  My area of expertise includes Predictive analytics, Machine learning, MicroStrategy and Tableau BI tools, PL SQL, Java, Business Requirement analyst. I have completed all courses pertaining to MicroStrategy like MCD, MCE,MCEP.  I have got great fervor for data science and predictive analytics I have also worked on Intergrating MicroStrategy and Tableau  with R analytics.  I have also got profound knowledge of Big data Analytics with Hadoop (MapReduce/ Hive).  I have also worked for developing  BI reports for the following organizations like 1. Tesco Groceries 2. Proctor and Gamble 3. Unilever.
30 years Design Experience.  70+ startups in the Bay Area, LA. UX, UI, Interaction, Visual, Motion, Brand, Illustration. etc. Founded several startups. First exit at 30. I been traveling the world for 20 years. I design and code.  I do 1-3 data projects every day for fun. I use algorithms, code, design, logic, math, models and statistics to satisfy my curiosity and whims.  dribbble.com/nonoumasy github.com/nonoumasy  Languages: Python, Javascript ES6 FrontEnd: HTML5/CSS3
Lior Gazit is a resourceful data scientist with a proven track record of researching and developing advanced algorithms and practical applications.   With a strong academic background and diversified work experience, he plans, leads, and executes projects through collaborations and clear-vision communication.  Lior is a Senior Data-Scientist and a supervisor in Applied Data Science, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, a world leader in cancer care, research, and education.   The Applied Data Science team is a driving force utilizing state-of-the-art analytical tools and algorithms.   He designs and carries innovational operations driven by predictive modeling and machine learning.  Through his work, he solves critical needs in the hospital regarding financial planning, patient flow, admissions, and clinical research data through advanced mathematics.   Some of the concrete impact he has made: Cutting down analysts’ labor by 90% monthly through automating analytics pipelines, Reducing patient overflow on a weekly basis by providing a forecast of patient census
Business Intelligence and Analytics major Subjects: Data Warehouse,SQL,Big Data,Marketing Analytics, Web Analytics,
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in R, Python, deep learning, Tableau, Mongo DB, PL/SQL, and Java. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's Degree focused in Computer Science from VTU. PFA my resume,
Having earned an Applied Math & Economics Bachelors degree from Harvard, and a Masters in Data Science from Columbia, I enjoy bridging the quantitative and the qualitative worlds together, using technology and data science to translate numbers into real-life applications, to influence strategy, business practices and decision making in both the private sector and the public sphere. That's why I founded Datavima.   At Datavima, our goal is to leverage technology, in the form of Data Analysis (simple or sophisticated Machine Learning algorithms, as needed) and/or Product and Application Development to help clients generate insights from data, and improve the day-to-day management of their businesses and their bottom-line.   At PlaceIQ we focused on location intelligence. I developed algorithms for the ingestion of data (location-based and otherwise) from multiple sources into our Platform, as well as its processing and analysis, including Audience Scoring and Dwell Prediction.   At Oliver Wyman Labs, I continued to straddle the business and tech worlds, as a consultant + developer. As a consultant
Data Scientist and Analytics Professional with 3+ years of experience in machine learning, statistics, data mining, optimization, and programming: - Proven ability to extract raw data and translate them to valuable insights. - Highly skilled in examining, interpreting and reporting analytical results. - Enthusiastic about applying my expertise in analytics to solve challenging problems.  Data Science Skills: Data Collection, Data Cleaning, Data Exploration (Statistical Inference, Clustering, Data Visualization), Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction, Machine Learning (Regression, Classification
I am passionate about driving business outcomes through advanced analytics.  By leveraging structured and unstructured data, I utilize machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to optimize supply chain, logistics, and operations processes and produce actionable insights. I believe in creating cohesive data stories through intuitive visualizations to aid in decision making, and am proficient at bridging communication and process facilitation between highly technical project experts and management or business end users.  I am particularly interested in applying my skills towards building innovative, optimized and automated systems to strategically impact life science, geopolitical, and social wellness issues.
February 14,Passionate and detail-oriented Data Scientist with 6+ years of experience in driving business growth by generating insightful recommendations using Statistics and Machine Learning across financial and e-commerce domains.,mathur_ankit,
I am a Senior Machine Learning Engineer & Data Scientist with over 5 years experience in model development and cloud deployment. I have experience leading and building end-to-end Machine Learning solutions in production environments. My core technology stack includes python, pyspark, scala, spark ML, scikit-learn, docker, AWS and front-end implementations with flask and Dash. I have a broad technical skill set in Statistics and modeling techniques with a strong interest in time-series problems.  I am pursuing a Doctorate in Big Data Analytics from CTU and I currently hold a Masters in Data Science from SMU. I began my career as an Electrical Engineer with a B.S. in Engineering from Harvey Mudd College.,ElDataScientist
Yash is a Data Scientist II with Amazon, currently part of the AWS AI ML Solutions Lab. In this capacity, he works with customers to help them leverage applied ML science for novel applications.  Here, Yash uses statistical models, machine learning techniques and deep learning architectures (using AWS services and modeling languages including Python, R, Scala) to prototype new solutions in NLP, Recommender Systems and Supply Chain domains. Yash blends his background in User Behavior (Human Factors), Product Development (Wearable Devices) and Statistics to meet these objectives.  He is always interested in conversations related to Wearable Devices, UX and how Data/ ML Driven approaches can work to meet the customer needs related to these domains.
I am a Quantitative Researcher with experience in academia and the software industry. Skilled in statistical modeling of natural resources (agriculture and fisheries), weather, and ocean variability. I'm a competent programmer, people manager, and I have been awarded for innovative methods in geostatistics and time series.,
April 13,Hi, I am Mehul Zawar. I graduated from Purdue University with Master of Science in Business Analytics and Information Management. I have learned advance topics in Data Mining and Predictive Analytics and their use in Business.  Some skills that I believe differentiate me from other candidates are thorough understanding of business processes, result-driven actions, and distilling complex analysis into concise business-focused takeaways.  Over the past 7 years, I have worked with companies like PricewaterhouseCoopers, Aegis Limited and Bosch & Siemens where I have worked on creating strategic business plans, forecasting demand, modeling marketing campaigns and improving operational processes by studying data and using various statistical analysis to uncover patterns and trends. It is my superpower and something that I am really passionate about.  At Purdue, I was among the top 25% of students and was honored to be on the Dean's list.  I have participated in various Machine Learning case competitions and hackathons. I won the Google Applied Machine Learning Hackathon, a competition to solve a business challenge using Machine Learning techniques, as well as the SAS Optimization Challenge, where I developed an optimization model for promotion bundling for a FMCG giant  If you are looking to add Analytics capability to your team, who can help drive the business
,Biostatistician and data scientist with 17+ years in public health and clinical trials. In my free time, I develop causal inference methods for personalized digital health using wearable-device or app data in single-case / n-of-1 studies.  www.ericjdaza.com www.statsof1.org #blacklivesmatter  --- be kind to yourself and others | stay home/6ft+ apart | scrub hands 20sec+ | www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prepare/prevention.html | freedom = health + jobs,ericjdaza
I enjoy the challenge of solving complex and impactful problems, mining data and using mathematical methods to solve them. I enjoy collaborating with team members from different backgrounds, learning new topics, being exposed to different insights, and gaining new skills along the way.
D Dharmendra has around 8+ years of experience in the field of analytics(Data warehousing, Business Intelligence and Big data)  and advanced analytics( Data Science) using R and Python with a wide range of customers/clients across the globe which includes USA, UK and India.  -Proven experience in  implementing advanced analytics approaches including statistical modelling, machine learning principles etc. to answer business questions & drive actionable insights using R and Python. -Experience and knowledge in statistical and machine learning techniques: Linear/logistic regression,         Decision tree, Random forest, GBM, SVM, Clustering, Association rules, NLP, Text mining
Innovative, cooperative and detail-oriented professional with 3+ years of work experience in Data Science and Data Analytics.   ▪ Proficient in cleaning, transforming, analysing and modelling enormous data sets to determine patterns and trends of   attributes, to extract the conclusion and support the decision making process of an organisation   ▪ Expertise in Hypothesis Testing ( AB testing), Regression Analysis (Univariate, Multivariate and Logistic), RFM Analysis, Data Mining, Decision Tree, Cluster analysis, Market Basket Analysis, statistical modelling techniques and other machine learning areas using analytical and visualization tools like R
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry. Skilled in Python, Probability Theory, Microsoft Excel, Statistical Modeling, and Statistical Inference. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (MSc) focused in Statistics from University of Mysore.,
I am a biomedical engineer developing algorithms for optical sensors.  I worked as a researcher at the Beckman Laser Institute, designing programs to assess physiological signals for peripheral arterial disease (PAD) and breast cancer. After doing consulting work in the medical software industry post-graduation, I am working on my master's at Georgia Tech (computer science) to pursue future R&D work (machine learning).  Specialties: - Python (TensorFlow, Keras) - MatLab - LabView - SolidWorks  For resume details, please contact me at hoangpa@uci.edu.
An experienced data scientist hands on experience in interpreting and analyzing data through ML, Statistical techniques and deriving meaningful insights to implement solutions in a fast-paced environment.
I have over 15 years experience in the intersection between behavioral health and predictive analytics. I've worked for major companies like IBM and Microsoft and their clients. I have had extensive experience in corporate and government verticals.  My particular strength is in taking qualitative research or business problems and turning those into repeatable quantitative solutions that deploy at larger scale. I also employ soft skills and systematic methodologies to gain consensus.  ​ I utilize a process to determine the business problem, quantify it, determine the data systems that are pertinent , the quality of the data that is there, and to diagnose how long the modeling stage would take,dawnmdaras,
Senior Data Scientist with 10+ years experience in image processing, data analysis, data mining, statistical modeling, machine learning, algorithms, grid computing and software development
Data Scientist Control Systems Engineer Physicist
Software engineer in San Francisco trained in Computational Physics. Passions include deep-learning, distributed-system architecture, and hammocks.
Pursuing Master of Information System Management degree at Heinz College, Carnegie Mellon University.  Expected graduation date: May 2019. With great passion about data, I am willing to unveil its value in the designated business scope.   My Skills: Programming: Python, Java, SQL, R  Tools: Tableau, Weka, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Axure, SPSS   Managerial: Business acumen, Teamwork
Skilled in R, Tableau, Python and Java. Strong business development professional with a BS in Statistics from University of California, Los Angeles. Huge fan of machine learning and Big Data. Pursuing a Master degree in Information System, concentrate in Business Intelligence and Data Science from Carnegie Mellon University.
Data Scientist | Automotive | Finance | Algorithmic Trading |,
I am a Purdue grad with a degree in Mechanical Engineering and Statistics. I worked in the Predictive Science Lab with the research focus on applying various Machine Learning/Deep Learning algorithms on real-world engineering problems. I am most proficient in supervised Machine Learning and Deep Learning and prefer to work in a fast-paced, hands-on and collaborative environment.   My love for ML began two years back when I tried to find out the reasoning behind the name 'Neural Networks'. What started as a small inquisitiveness became my passion and I did not look back since then. I have projects/experience covering various aspects of the Data cycle including Data Mining. Web Scraping, Visualization, etc to build models like Recommender Systems, ChatBots, using Deep Learning, NLP, etc.   Equipped with a broad range of skills necessary for my career in ML/Data Science, I am looking for exciting opportunities in the same.
As a business-minded Data Scientist, my interest is in applying machine [deep] learning algorithms for solving complex problems in various finance topics such as fraud detection, money-laundering detection, credit risk modeling, forensic accounting, applying NLP in auditing, compliance and news signals detection, banking industries stress-testing, risk management and modeling.,
Experienced Graduate Research Assistant with a demonstrated history of working in the software engineering industry. Skilled in data science, python, machine learning, software development. Strong research professional with a Master of Science - MS focused in Machine Learning from University at Buffalo and 3 years of work experience.  Skills : Python| SQL | R | Pandas | Numpy| Jupyter | Scikit-Learn | Matplotlib | Seaborn | Plotly | Keras |Tensorflow | AWS | Tableau | PySpark | Data extraction | Data cleaning | Data exploration | Data analysis | Data Visualization | Prediction | Forecast | Classification | Statistical analysis | Statistical tests-  Z test, T test, F test, ANOVA | Hypothesis testing | Time-series analysis | Experimental Design(A/B testing) | Dimensionality reduction | Over-Under sampling | Bayesian and descriptive statistics | Customer segmentation | Market-basket analysis| Recommendation Engine with implicit and explicit feedback| Linear Regression |Logistic Regression | Unsupervised ML | Feature Engineering |Tree based ML models- Decision Trees, Random Forest| Ensemble ML models- XGBoost | Deep learning- CNN, Neural Network, GAN, SVM | Excel,
Years of Experience: 1.5 Aptitudes: Python, Sklearn, Pandas/Numpy, Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, Statistics Industries: Finance, Fintech, Real Estate, Edtech  I'm a data scientist. My training includes a 3-month immersive course at Galvanize wherein I developed proficiency in python, SQL, numpy, the suite of basic predictive/analytic models (k-nearest neighbors, linear regression, logistic regression
Highly competitive, self driven and ready to go to any extent to get things done.   Self Taught Data Scientist with 3 years of experience in R,Python,SQL, Descriptive and Predictive Analysis,AI/ML Model Building (Regression,Classification,Time Series) and Testing, Deep Learning (Tensor Flow) and currently working on NLP,NLG and Knowledge Graphs.  A professional BeatBoxer and a seasoned Artist, an exclusive club member of Accenture MyPassion Club having performed in all 5 stars and 3 stars Hotels in Bangalore.,
Experience in product and marketing analytics, targeting, segmentation, predictive modeling and recommendation system. Profound academic and professional knowledge in the field of analytics and data science.   Specialist: -- Technical: Machine learning (GLM, Random Forest, Gradient/Ada Boosting, SVM, Clustering, Feature engineering), Deep learning, Natural language processing -- Programming: Python, R
Well Experienced Data Analytics and have mastered business Analytics workflow skilled in python programming and worked in various challenging machine learning and deep learning problems and also have best knowledge and experience about  AWS,NLP,SQL server,SSIS and Tableau
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Skilled in Python, Machine Learning, Data Analysis, SQL and Java  Worked with startups and Big 4 consulting companies to solve their business problems and drive data-driven decision making.
Leveraging machine learning to help customers manage their costs on AWS,
Data scientist with 2+ years experience skilled in R, Python, and SQL. I bring a deep understanding and knowledge of statistical methods and am actively engaged in projects that use data to drive business value.  I have a passion to grow.
Three adjectives that best describe me are - inquisitive, perseverant and an effective communicator.  I am a strongly driven by Einstein's words If you can't explain it to a six year old, you haven't understood it well enough  My skills and interests include - python, SQL, scikit learn, keras, Tensorflow, predictive modeling, statistical analysis, NLP, hadoop and ETL.
Data Professional with Research and Development experience in Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning and Statistical Analysis, driving projects end to end from problem definition, data collection, model training and deployment to production.  Interest Areas: Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Deep learning, Experimentation, Product Analytics.  Here to solve important and challenging problems, build data driven products and drive automation impacting businesses at large. Skilled communicator with an interest in working across teams and bridging the gap between tech and business.                 *********************************************************************************************************************  Championing Women in tech – Delivered a technical talk at the Women in Data Science Puget Sound 2019 chapter.,
I studied Applied Mathematics and Computer Science at the Colorado School of Mines, and Physics at University of Colorado. I am proficient in R, python and SQL. At Clickfox, in the role of Data Scientist I contributed to project design, analytic modeling, and presentations for client engagements. I Used CART and ensemble methods, boosting and bagging, to build prediction and description models, with time series event data. I contributed research and prototyping analytic algorithms for Clickfox (CEA) product features and developed analytic tools in R and python.  I identified opportunities for development, and streamlined data analysis processes. I prototyped new tools for data mining and automated tasks for improved team efficiency. I researched anomaly detection on event data sets and random forest prediction accuracy vs time, number of trees, and bootstrap sample size. I enjoy coding and solving data problems. I am interested in AI
Data Scientist with a background in physics & math and over 10 years experience in finance & mobile commerce, leveraging data to pilot investment decisions, influence customer adoption, reduce costs, drive profits, and improve process efficiency.  • Skilled with Python, SQL, Tableau, and the communication of results  • Passionate about Product Analytics, Recommendation Systems, and Applied ML • Motivated by application of data-driven decision making to produce measurable results  Looking for new opportunities in data analytics and machine learning.,clarencestephen,
10 years of data analysis experience (6 years in industry (data analyst) and 4+ years in academia (Ph.D.)) -  4 years of research data-science experience (Python, SQL, matplotlib, NumPy, Pandas, scikit-learn library)  I am a data science/machine learning enthusiast.  I am open to leverage machine-learning techniques to solve complex business problems using my professional problem-solving experience as an engineer and complex research problem-solving experience as a Ph.D. student and business operations experience as an entrepreneur at a startup.  I have over six years of Network performance data processing and Analytics in the wireless communication and internet software domain where I have used and processed large scale network performance data to solve domain-specific business problems. I also have over four years of data science research experience where I have used machine learning and deep learning models to solve complex non-linear research problems in smart grids.  I love to Leverage machine learning, deep learning, and AI to solve complex business problems and learn new problem-solving techniques from various online resources.   I have the following skills related to tackling data science problems. Programming: Python, SQL, Matlab Visualization: Matplotlib, Seaborn, Tableau. Data wrangling: NumPy, Pandas, pyspark
Data Scientist with theoretical math and software engineering background.,
I am an experienced Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer. My daily work revolves around exploiting and researching Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning use cases for problem at hand, building predictive models and development of production grade software and machine learning systems. I have experience building predictive models to detect fraud, provide recommendations and classifying risk. I also have more than 3 years of experience in the industry as a Backend Software Engineer building scalable applications, Service Oriented Architecture and RESTful services handling more than 1000 transactions per second for mobile apps with over 450,000+ downloads and web applications with more than a million user-base.  Key Skills:  Data Science and Machine Learning: Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Ensemble Learning, Bagging, Boosting, K-Means, Naïve Bayes, SVM (Linear and RBF)
Proficient in handling SQL statements and performing data analysis using various analytic tools like Python, PySpark, Tableau, AWS and R. •	Experienced in large and complex data extraction, cleaning and manipulation.  •	Experience in text data extraction, Web scarping, Tokenization, Stemming, Lemmatization and other NLP operations. •	Performed advanced dashboards and visualizations using Tableau Desktop/ Flask deployment on AWS EBS to easily interpret the data. •	Experienced in building predictive models, recommender systems, Deep NLP models using supervised and unsupervised algorithm like SVM, linear/logistic regression, Clustering, K-Means and Deep Learning like CNN
My pathway so far has been: psychology -> neural networks -> programming -> math -> artificial intelligence. Let's chat about something interesting!,
Manisha Vyas has MS in Information Management from University of Washington, Seattle with specialization in Business Intelligence and Data Sciences.   She has interned with PointB Management Consulting as a Business Intelligence Engineer and actively worked on various stages of data warehouse development and business intelligence reporting.   She has also worked with Technology and Social Change group at University of Washington in capacity of a Research Assistant to develop 'Development and Access to Information (DA2i)' dashboard for monitoring the progress of various countries towards achieving United Nation's 2030 Sustainable Development Goals.  She has over 4 years of experience in designing and implementing risk solutions at Deloitte’s Cyber Risk practice. She was part of the Information & Technology Risk Management (ITRM) group with key focus on Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) domain.   Certifications: RSA Archer Certified Administrator and ISO 27001:2005 Lead Implementer,
Actively job searching for Data Scientist/Analyst positions.   Most recently, I was a data scientist (contractor) working remotely for a NY-based startup, Saturn Cloud. I focused on demonstrating value/time saved from leveraging Saturn's distributed computing platform, using technologies like distributed Dask, GPUs, and Prefect. You can reference my Github or Medium below to see the Jupyter Notebooks and articles I produced while at Saturn. I was a technical support on sales calls, and regularly interfaced with engineering in testing new features and creating documentation for product releases.   My work experience includes Business Development at a seed fund in Hong Kong, Product Design at a small company in Portugal, Quality Assurance for a venture studio in Chicago, and a Pre-Sales role at the fastest U.S. startup to a $2B valuation.   I completed a Metis data science bootcamp by end of 2019. Throughout the bootcamp, I gathered publicly available/real world data (as opposed to clean, Kaggle datasets).   All of the projects I created while at Metis are summarized in my medium, as well as some of the use cases I developed while at Saturn Cloud: https://medium.com/@sami.ahmed/  I’m also a fan of swapping travel/work stories over coffee (virtually or in-person) and playing music. Please email or message me even if you are not a recruiter. I love to network and play piano. samiahmedkeys@gmail.com.  LANGUAGES & TOOLS: Git/Github
I am a senior data scientist with experience in several different facets of machine learning, deep learning, human factors engineering, and AI Ethics. I particularly enjoy working with stakeholders to determine what type of algorithmic system or insights may be most valuable to them and then determining the most intuitive manner to accomplish these goals. To support this goal, I have a strong knowledge of a multitude of algorithms, Python, Spark, as well as SQL. In addition, I quite enjoy teaching others about technology's potential and helping them understand its strengths and weaknesses.  Altogether, over the the past 11 years I have worked on a wide assortment of data science and machine learning projects, working with clients and their data by applying the latest state of the art research towards industry problems. I was the lead engineer on many of these projects, coordinating within my team and across additional stakeholders to deliver projects on time.,
I have over a decade of experience in using data science to solve business problems. I've lead data science, machine learning, and AI projects at Microsoft, Adobe, Airbnb, and T-Mobile, and have helped build data science teams from scratch.,
Machine Learning enthusiast , working as Data Scientist in WalmartLabs Bangalore.Skilled in python, R, Natural Language Processing (NLP),  Deep Learning, and Machine Learning. Strong mathematical background with a Master of Science (MSc) in Mathematics And Scientific Computing from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.,souraj23
Ph.D. mathematician with a passion for solving complex problems and delivering product that outperform customer expectations.  Effective communicator of technical and business information, honed by many years of leading separate teams of data scientists, engineers, researchers, and product managers, energizing employees in the vision of the company.   A founding member of Ayasdi with a roll-up-the-sleeves attitude to bring about company’s mission while continuously engaging customers and delivering successful product.  Currently leading Product and Innovation where I am responsible for the entire Ayasdi Platform and my team successfully defined, built, and launched a cloud-based automated data analysis application.  Speaker and thought leader of data discovery and unsupervised analysis,
I am enthusiastic about devising innovative solutions to challenging business problems leveraging data science techniques. Through my experience with Mastercard in customer, financial & business analytics, I have become passionate about creating impact through data driven solutions.   My expertise lies in Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics. Skills: Hadoop (Hive, Pyspark), SAS, R, Python, SQL, Julia,
Passionate about building neural networks and applying it to solve large-scale NLP problems involving text analysis, language modeling, speech recognition, and machine translation. Skills: Languages: Python, Java, C++, SQL, Scala ML/DL libraries: TensorFlow, Keras, Spark ML, SciPy, Scikit-Learn
My work focuses on designing scalable algorithms for the analysis of large social and information networks, and recommender systems.  Specialties: Social Network Data Management and Analysis,purpleinca
Software Engineer with 4 + years of IT industry experience with 3 + year of experience in data science. Skilled in artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics, problem solving and programming.
a Latin quote which translates to - If I can not bend the will of Heaven, I shall move Hell is my view towards life.   Curious, self - driven individual with strong statistical, analytical and programming skills, and a keen interest in making sense of structured & unstructured data.   Technical Details Data Analysis - Linear & Logistic Regression, K-Mean & Hierarchical Clustering, Decision Trees, Neural Networks, Random Forest, Navies Bayes  Python Libraries - Pandas, Tabulate, Arrow
I am a Data Scientist with profound interest in playing with data. I try to amalgamate technologies to produce optimised and valuable results. While teaching through, I was spellbound by the field of Data Science and realised this is what I desired to do in my life.
I have a passion for telling stories through data, for building tools, for creating custom interactive visualizations, and for learning new concepts. I believe big data needn't be impersonal; instead, analyzing it should provide a means to discover microcosmic trends and nuances as they pertain to individuals. I'm particularly fascinated with tech as it applies to the spheres of music, advertising, history, language, and health, and I am mainly self-taught in Python/Pandas, R (Shiny), SQL, Flask, HTML/CSS
Experienced self motivated engineer with a demonstrated history of working on the cross roads of Cyber Security and Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning.,
I love combining big picture strategy with data-driven analysis to tell stories and influence decisions, whether it's through investing, strategy or data science.
Recent graduate in Business Analytics and Project Management from The University of Connecticut. I have a background in problem-solving using statistical analysis, machine learning, and ETL. With over 3 years of work experience as an ETL developer at Accenture I have more recently transitioned into the role of a data scientist during my internship at Charter Communications.   I am experienced at analyzing large datasets using SQL, R, Python and ETL tools and coming up with significant insights. In addition, I  am adept at communicating technical concepts to non-technical or business-oriented audiences.  If you would like to discuss my qualifications, please contact me at sanmitra.bhattacharya@uconn.edu
A self motivated data scientist, and a software developer, pocessing an extensive analytical skills, strong attention to detail, and a significant ability to work in team environment. An enthusiastic who has a knack of mathematics, statistics and sports. Very skilled in problem solving, design and analysis of algorithm and solution prototyping. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Technology (M.Tech.) focused in Computer Science and Engineering from National Institute of Technology Goa.
Strong background in statistical modeling, machine learning, time series, predictive modeling ect •	Proficiency with Python, R, Matlab (6+ years) •	Experience with Scala, Java, Spark, relational databases such as SQL  •	Apply statistical model, machine learning solutions (regression, SVM, KNN, Naïve Bayes,  random forest
Data Scientist @ Hohonu, an early-stage startup dedicated to providing accurate tidal forecasts at a hyper-local scale. Passionate about the future of IoT and on device intelligence.,msarmi9
Seasoned Data Scientist with demonstrated history of working in Tech for Data Science & Analytics focusing on Health & Wellness and Retail areas like Pharmacy, Vision, Assortment, Store Operations. Skilled in Application & Tool development, Data & Analytics to deliver key insights and Building models using Natural Language Understanding, Deep Learning, Machine Learning & Statistical Modelling for achieving business objectives. Strong Research Professional with a 5 Year Integrated Master's Degree in Economics from IIT Kanpur.,
Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence software engineer with professional experience in designing and implementing E2E ML Pipelines and Infrastructure. My open source Machine Learning and Computer Vision projects on GitHub are avail here: https://github.com/joehoeller
Experienced Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry and government analysis sector.   Skilled in Economic Policy Evaluation, Data Science, Game Theory, Technological Innovation, Process Improvement, Educational Assessment, Faculty Recruitment, Academic Retention, Student Development, Government Optimization, and Economic Equity.  Strong educational professional with a background in science, a degree in economics, and a passion for quantum mechanics.
Computer Science enthusiast, post graduated from IIT Kharagpur, passionate for data science and a python lover, I have grabbed a good hand on experience on various ML algorithms , tools and packages.   My recent work revolve around building models out of text by using neural network/deep learning techniques which is realm in machine learning era.   You will find me on various dataset challenge platforms like kaggle, AnalyticsVidhya and DataDriven developing solutions for real-time data.
Building products to power FMP for Agencies program. Check it out here: https://www.facebook.com/business/agencies
I believe data driven decision making is key to an organization's success. I am an experienced data analyst and analytics solution design consultant having helped Fortune 500 companies make sense of their data. I am a quick learner and love to brainstorm on innovative ways for problem solving.  I am currently a graduate student at the University of Cincinnati for MS in Business Analytics where I aim to expedite my learning curve and build my analytical prowess.
There is something truly fulfilling about using technology to help people. And that's what I do.,shubhankar_jain
An engineer by training, I apply quantitative analysis and modeling to deliver product and business insights, and am generally interested in the intersection of data, risk, and design. Skills: Analytics, Machine Learning, Statistics, R, Python, SQL
May 16,Data Scientist and AI enthusiast excited about building classification models, engineering features, pattern identification algorithms, text mining, creating visualizations and automating the analytics process.   I am passionate about solving real-world problems leveraging my skills with data analysis, algorithms, statistics, and machine learning techniques.  Skills: Python Programming, Pandas, Numpy, SciPy, Seaborn
Find me on twitter: twitter.com/ro_hit_,
Data Scientist working at the intersection of machine learning, language, law and policy.
Data Scientist specializing in the field of Recommendation Systems with 2+ years experience  I enjoy and thrive in the phase of Zero to One: Successfully setup a Feed Personalization Engine from scratch for Glance - a screen zero content discovery platform with over 100Mn DAU. Currently working on more nuanced problems like serving Deep Learning based model predictions in real time, Recommendation for Cold users, Explore-Exploit framework and Diversity in recommendation.  Impact driven - both social and financial, always enthusiastic about working on ideas that aim to achieve social benefit. Love reading books on Philosophy, Anthropology and History in the free time I find after playing with my dog.,
Looking forward to leverage data analytical skills to improve corporate performance as a Data Scientist.,
I am interested in building solutions to everyday problems. While my core expertise lies in traditional data science skills, I've worked on projects that called for multidisciplinary approaches and that afforded me exposure to solution architecture and engineering.  Prior to my forays into data science, I was a graduate student in Physics, modelling and simulating biomolecular systems using molecular dynamics. My thesis was on sampling and modelling algorithms to extract molecular behavior that cannot be accessed by brute-force simulation alone.
Masters in Computer Science from IIT DHANBAD.  Passionate about Research, Coding and Problem Solving & I love to take up challenging jobs. Research 
Data Science, Machine Learning, Information Security, Computer Vision.,
 Data scientist with 8 years’ experience in the Data Science/Advanced analytics domain - Hands on work experience in complex projects like building recommendation systems, vehicle routing and  pricing systems - Proficient in SQL,Python,PySpark,SAS,R   - Experienced in Machine Learning techniques like clustering, regression, decision trees, random forest and collaborative filtering.  - B.E. in Electronics Engineering from VIIT Pune, India
I have over 5 years of experience working in data science. Currently, I work as Warner Bro's Senior Data Scientist, improving products and services for our customers by using advanced analytics, standing up big-data analytical tools, creating and maintaining models, and on-boarding compelling new data sets.  Previously, I was a Data Analyst at Universal, where I analyzed data from some of the biggest enterprise companies in the world to educate the market on long-term internet trends.
Received prestigious Special Award for contributing to Microsoft's success via critical impact to WDG. (February, 2017)  Nominated as a HiPo, Microsoft's prestigious internal training program for High Potential individuals to enable accelerated career growth (~0.3% from across the company are nominated).  Received 2015 Data Driven Award​ at Microsoft. (June, 2015)  Received Microsoft's OEM Made the Difference Award  for contribution towards device market analyses and forecast. (March, 2014)  Interested in analyzing large datasets, forecasting, mathematical/statistical modelling, economic theory as well as statistical/econometric modeling to understand consumer behavior.   Skills include MATLAB, STATA, R, SAS (Basic), MS-Excel, C (Basic), SQL   Awarded by Department of Economics
I am a passionate data evangelist who believes in creating strategy and informing decisions that are rooted in business acumen, thoughtful research, and data analyses. Understanding your users is imperative in today's market and being hands-on through the entire data process not only creates that understanding, but also allows you to see the limitations of your data and where the next opportunity lies.  Specialties: Analyzing large and complex datasets, training and deploying predictive models, building automated data pipelines, big data insights, creating a personalized user experience rooted in data, analytic strategy, product development, machine learning, media research, product enhancements
Data Scientist at Chief Analytics Office, which is internal AI Center of Excellence at IBM. I am utilizing cutting edge technology to drive IBM's transformation such as NLP, Machine learning, Deep Learning and many other sophisticated analytics tools..  Master student of Operation Research program at Columbia University, with an undergraduate degree in Mathematics and Finance. Passionate about quantitative analysis and making all things possible. Creative innovator and problem-solver, eager to thrive by exploring opportunities and can learn quickly in the Company environment which fosters a culture of communication, team and hard work.   Strong quantitative skills in machine learning, NLP, deep learning, stochastic process, optimization, familiar with Python, R and SQL. Accumulated experience using statistical analysis such as multiple linear regression
Self-starter | Go-getter | Effective Communicator  Specialties: - Data Mining and Machine Learning - Quantitative analysis and quantitative finance - Statistical models and clinical trials - Risk management modeling using VaR and Monte Carlo Simulation  Currently seeking full time data science/analyst opportunity.,
Data science executive using my skills to help others. Combining rigorous science with human empathy.   Kindness | Creativity | Action.
6+ years of experience in growth and product data analytics. Strategic thinker and impact driven. Built the data strategy for the first business online lending product in AMEX from the incubation stage to global-wide sustainable growth. Developed the company-wide adopted customer data platform in Groupon and drove lifecycle strategy across all business units. Built the metrics and reporting system in the Airbnb growth team. Hands-on experience on driving growth through Email, Push, Phone, Direct mail, Referral, in Finance and tech industry.   Specialties: Story telling with data visualization, Metrics Framework, A/B testing, Predictive modeling, SQL, Python, Tableau
Well rounded data scientist skilled in data preprocessing, data wrangling, statistical analysis, mathematics, machine learning and Python and R scripting. Strong communication skills and ability to simplify concepts derived from experience as an instructor.   Leverage methods from machine learning, deep learning, statistical modelling to gain insights to drive decision processes for business applications.   Experience: Big Data: Hadoop, Mapreduce, Spark Machine Learning: Supervised Learning (Linear and Multiple Regression, Logistic Regression, Random Forest, Gradient Boosting, Linear Discriminant Analysis, Naive Bayes) Unsupervised Learning (Clustering
December 22,I am an experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of developing complex artificial intelligence solutions at top corporates and startups alike. Highly skilled in Deep Learning, Machine Learning and Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, I am a technology enthusiast who is passionate about delivering value powered by technology.  I am also an active contributor in the AI community through regular mentorship and participation. I have presented, volunteered and been a delegate at various conferences centered around AI and Computing such as Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing (GHCI), Emerging Worlds: Innovating for the Billions, MIT Media Labs Initiative.I am the recipient of Annual Excellence Award from IIT Roorkee in recognition of achievements during Bachelors. I hold two publications in reputed international conferences, proceedings and have also filed patents as part of my work. I actively promotes women in workplace and in AI community by writing blogs and posts.   I loves the challenges in building human-centric AI and am always eager to help make this space better.
Data Science | Python | Signal Processing,
Graduated with a Master’s degree in CS from NJIT specializing in the field of Data Science & analytics. 3 plus years of industry experience including a couple of internships in the field of Data Science/ Analytics. Experience of quantitative and qualitative research /Primary and Secondary research. Exceptional strategist analyzing trends and forecasting sales to develop long-term strategies, key objectives, and operations execution plans based on business best practices as well as maximum growth and profitability. Experience in managing and maintaining MS project plans, status/dashboards on multiple large Projects. Ability to work well with numbers and analyze complex data. Extensive experience in Data Processing and Data Analysis and Report Writing. Hands on experience with object-oriented design & technologies, relational databases and web technologies. Thorough understanding of various Cloud concepts with a certificate course in Cloud Computing. Understanding of Big data applications and familiar with technologies such as Pig Latin, Dryad & Dryad LINQ. Comprehensive experience in C, C++, Java, R programming, Python UI Frameworks, QlikView, Alteryx, Tableau and R-Shiny. Good working experience in SAS and Python. Knowledgeable in Hadoop Storage system. Strong knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and process methodologies like Agile methodology. Actively involved in requirement gathering
enior Financial Analyst with the Finance Innovation Office at Hewlett Packard Inc. Prior to this, he worked with Tavant Technologies, a provider of digital software products and platforms, and associated consulting services from April 2018 to January 2019. From July 2015 to February 2018, Mr. Singh worked as a Lead Data Scientict at HARMAN Connected Services, a technologies company leader in Cloud, Mobile, Analytics Capabilities, Design and Software Services From August 2013 to July 2015 Mr. Singh worked as a Senior Research Analyst at Mu Sigma, a category-defining decision sciences and big data analytics company, helping enterprises systematize better data-driven decision making. Mr. Singh has worked with and led teams focused on algorithmic development for a variety of domains including numeric data, image processing
Engineer-Across-Streams. I have worked on various industry, university and self projects involving multi-disciplines: Electronics, Electrical, Mechanical, Comp. Sci., Physics,etc. and contributed to aspects of hardware, software, modelling & simulations, management and recruitment.   Working on a spectrum of problems has given me a wider outlook to finding solutions and the courage to come up with and try unorthodox methods in the face of unseen challenges. Today I wear the hat of a Data Scientist, and I am looking for a new interesting problem to solve. Most of what I know is self taught. My name means 'Knowledge'. I am Awesome.
 5+ years in applied data science and machine learning.       • 10+ years in scripting and scientific programming.      • Continuous record of driving end-to-end complex data-driven projects.,
An inquisitive learner, data geek, cook and student at UConn – These are the few features that define me.  As a MS student in Business Analytics at UConn, I am fascinated about Data and Machine Learning. Having an undergraduate degree in CSE, I possess solid statistics and quantitative skiils with strong foundation in computing.  Prior to joining my masters program, I have worked as Data Analyst at COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS.  I worked on ETL Tool - Pentaho for Cognizant Application Services Team  where we encapsulated the life cycle of New hires in a dashboard containing all the matrices which helped the senior management to drive business decisions for the organization.    In depth knowledge of R Programming, SQL , Python  Tools: R Studio, SQL, ETL(Pentaho), Tableau, Visio
I've gathered a unique set of experiences from working at a Translational Neural engineering Lab, to working for the Millenium Villages Project at Columbia University, to working with epileptic patients at  Neurology Department at the NYU Langone Medical Center, and now as a Data Scientist at SparkBeyond.     At the neural engineering lab I worked in a collaborative effort to design a method to deliver safe and effective non-invasive electrical stimulation as a treatment option for various neurological disorders/conditions (patented)  For the Millennium Villages Project at Columbia University, I designed a mobile tool to predict the medical and social cause of death of individuals in rural communities, to analyze where the gaps lie within the MVP proposed primary health care model. The tool was launched in 11 villages across East and West Africa.   At the NYU Langone Medical Center, I managed research activities on the epilepsy unit. I interacted with epileptic patients implanted with Intracranial EEG, on a daily basis, to run various cognitive tasks for different research groups, set/troubleshoot the data acquisition system, manage/update all patient medical/research records, and ensure compliance with the IRB.   I now work as a Data Scientist at SparkBeyond, helping a diverse range of businesses work their data to improve their internal processes.
Passionate data scientist with a demonstrated history of teaching and building predictive models. Skilled in R, Python, and SAS. Excited to be working for a company that is making automated machine learning accessible to everyone, regardless of background. Interested in data science projects involving social good, sports analytics, and anything that drives real business value.
Podcast Host - GuestOfHonour anchor.fm/guestofhonor Passionate about innovation in healthcare. Ranking, Recommendations, Personalization for Shopping and Commerce Relevance in Microsoft.  Checkout bing.com/shop,nimisharath
,EvaFengEva
I currently work as a Data Scientist in Domino's Digital Analytics team and partner closely with Engineering and Marketing design team to influence product strategy, conduct experimentation and iterate on UX ideas to help make data-driven decisions. Over 5 years of experience in SQL & Data Analysis working with large data sets.   Tools : Python/SQL/Hadoop/Power BI/Adobe Analytics/Excel on a daily basis for data analysis.,vaishaliogoti
I am a Data Scientist at Scanbuy with MS in Business Analytics and Project Management (MSBAPM) from University of Connecticut.  Previously, I worked with LIMRA as an insurance consultant to study the life insurance customer behavior and predict potential customers. Before that I worked as a Data Analyst in Infosys Ltd for 2.6 years, mainly on forecasting, predictive modeling and dashboarding.   Email: nandini.npati@gmail.com
Analytics professional with 5 years of experience working with clients across CPG, Pharma Retail & Insurance. Ambitious, dedicated and enthusiastic aspiring professional, willing to shoulder responsibility with zeal to learn and a passion to succeed.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Data Science and Predictive Modeling. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Industrial Engineering (Data Analytics) from Texas A&M University.
Dual-Title Ph.D. in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research with a minor in Computational Science. - Strong technical background in Data Mining, Data Visualization, Machine Learning, Statistical Analysis, and Mathematical Optimization Modeling. - Adaptive, collaborative with excellent strategic thinking and communication skills.
I am passionate about improving decisions using Statistics - Data Science. Both these areas tremendously excite me and I constantly endeavor to enhance my understanding of these.  I have 8 years experience as data scientist ( HSBC, Mu Sigma Inc.)  solving a wide array of business problems in marketing, product analytics, insurance claims operations and financial crime risk space,
Experienced Data & Applied Scientist  with a passion to develop Stats/ML models which contributes to the growth of the product. ★ Skilled in Machine Learning, Data Mining, Data Optimization and Decision Modelling, Data visualisation, Statistical Inference, Regression Modelling and Techinques. Knowledge of Recommendation systems,Text Mining, Social Network Analysis ★ Programming skills:  R, Python, SAS ★Database Mnagement System:  SQL  ★Data Visualisation: PowerBI, Tableau,
Data Scientist with 10+ years of experience in leading ongoing and ad-hoc analyses, leveraging applied statistics, predictive analytics, experimentation, and mining customer behavioral and attitudinal data to provide business and product leaders with actionable insights at both strategic and tactical levels.  Well versed in SQL, familiar with SAS, Python, and R, big data technologies like Hadoop and data visualization tools such as Tableau for full-stack data analysis, insight, synthesis, and storytelling.  Experienced in collaborating with cross-functional teams (i.e. marketing, finance
I lead a team of data scientists and machine learning scientists to build features, models and systems for online ad recommendations for the Bing search engine. I used to conduct research on inverse problems, estimation, statistical machine learning and distributed numerical optimization for deep learning domains.
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry. Skilled in Data Mining, Business Intelligence, and Product Management. Strong research professional with a Master's degree focused in Engineering Management (Analytics) from Northwestern University and Bachelor's in Technology from IIT Bombay.,
Experienced Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Microsoft Excel, Life Sciences, Data Analysis, and Linux System Administration. Strong analytical professional with a Certification focused in Statistics from University of Illinois at Chicago.,
Hari Prakash is a Decision Scientist at PayPal, currently working with the PayPal Global Collections Strategy team. He has previously worked with the PayPal Working Capital developing Credit Risk Strategies, focusing both on growth and risk mitigation. He graduated with an MS in Operations Research from the University of Texas at Austin with a focus in the areas of Applied Statistics and Data science and also has a Dual Degree in Engineering Design from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Madras.,yogyaprakash,
Extensive experience and knowledge in big data, data science, statistics, data mining, statistical analysis and modeling, data visualization and dash-boarding, and optimization...  Ability to identify key insights from data Collaborative team member, Self-motivated, Passionate problem solver, Fast learner, and a competitive goal achiever   My email address: ghazaltariri@gmail.com,
Storyteller operating at the crossroads between technology and business through data science and analytics.  Babson Alum. Previous experience in developing business intelligence tools in the aviation industry and advancing entrepreneurial tech. initiatives in Singapore and Hong Kong. Currently designing forward-thinking networks across all businesses at The Walt Disney Company using the power of machine learning. Driven to accelerate efficiency and social engagement.  Beyond my work, I am passionate about development economics, diversity and inclusion initiatives, and the arts.  Connect with me @ daphnecheung2@gmail.com!
Leader of machine learning projects focused on prediction and geospatial data analysis using Spark on AWS. Familiar with regression, time series, SVM and neural network models. Proficient in API querying and scrapping open source data using Python. Also experienced in R, SQL and SPSS.
Kaggle Competition Expert and Data Scientist with 4.5 years of experience in turning structured/un-structured data into actionable insights to make better data–driven decisions.  Good experience in implementing Machine Learning and Deep Learning models.  Skills - Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning, Data Analytics Hands on - CNN (Convolutional Neural Networks), Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Keras, Tensorflow
Data scientist with a background in real estate and finance. Currently working on a project to predict Airbnb prices through statistical analysis (regression, decision trees) and natural language processing (sentiment analysis, topic modelling) on webscraped data.   Before this, I spent 2 years at The Ascott, developing its scale through platform investments, management agreements/leases (~USD 500m property value) and strategic joint venture partnerships. Regions covered include Singapore, China, Vietnam, Malaysia and Thailand. Asset classes covered include serviced apartments, hotels and senior living. Prior to working at The Ascott, I spent 13 months at Nielsen driving operational rigor across its Egypt, Pakistan, U.A.E and Saudi Arabia consumer panels.   Skills: Data science - Regression Modelling, Classification
I am a Data Scientist with BCG Gamma based in New York City, focused on delivering high-value advanced analytics and AI consulting services to clients. Previously, I graduated from the Data Science Institute at Columbia University in New York. I am driven by machine learning and data science applications in business. I have an affection for automation and process optimization.  I am an alumnus of the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay and I graduated in 2015 with majors in Chemical Engineering and minors in Systems and Controls Engineering.,1gauravsingh1
Lifetime Learner. DM for Digital Transformation, AI Strategy and Data-Driven Decision Making. Experienced Data Scientist in Product, Operations, Sales & Marketing. Growth🚀- Product & Services Digital Marketing Content, CRM, Paid, SEO Strategy
Specialties:  - Data Mining, Big Data, Machine Learning - R, Python scikit - Random Forest, Boosted Trees, Support Vector Machine, Logistic Regression,Naïve Bayes, Feature Selection, and Dimensionality Reduction - Deep Learning and Neural Networks - Bagging and Boosting - Ensemble and Stacking Methods,soroosh_s
Rich experience in delivering end-to-end machine learning solutions - 1. Business problem framing 2. Data prep 3. ML/Time Series algorithm development, validation, and business impact analysis 4. Model deployment  5. Model monitoring and management 6. AI Governance and Ethics  Domain Knowledge : Quantitative Trading, Portfolio Management, Risk Modeling, Financial Technology, Time Series Modeling, Stochastic Processes  Industries built solutions for: Banking, Investment Management, Trading, Private Equity, Healthcare
Author of Data Science in Production: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B083H2YWP4  I am a seasoned data scientist in the central data organization at Zynga and have a diverse experience across game publishers and startups, with a focus on building impactful data products.,bgweber,
I'm a data scientist and leader at Wipro with a mission to democratize Decision Intelligence and safe, reliable AI. I bring a unique combination of deep technical expertise,  analytics management experience, and ability to lead organizational change. I've provided guidance on more than 20 projects and I have a Experiences more than 3+ years in domain BFSI, Manufacturing and Retail .Driving businesses with data driven automated model with end to end deployment at api level. Worked on image analytics with deep learning.   Primary skills  : data science, python, cloud Technology  (AWS & Microsoft Azure), strategy, Deep learning, Natural language processing(NLP), Excel, Visulization using Tableau and seaborne
Experienced data analyst with deep knowledge of finance and statistics, statistical analysis, and enterprise risk analysis. Experience with numerical analysis packages and scripting languages. Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Senior Member.  - In-depth project work in big data predictive analysis including: relational data mining, neural network, nearest k-neighbor, association rules, time series, regression trees, sequence clustering, Naïve Bayes.  - Expertise in power market risk model analytics of PJM and other ISO/RTO markets including peak/off-peak load analysis, using day-ahead and real-time market data of power generation, transmission, and congestion at various LMP zones/hubs.  - Mentor and accomplished practitioner in: market risk measurement
Thank you for visiting my profile.   I am a data analytics professional working on online retail and marketing analytics to improve business performance for our clients in the US.  I work in a fast paced competitive environment on cutting-edge technologies of data extraction and aggregation, visualisation, analytical modelling, actionable insights generation and predictive modeling using machine learning frameworks.   I love to interact with people and discuss about anything under the sky or beyond. Feel free to start a conversation :)
,November 19,,
Programmer - Data Science Enthusiast - Computer Gamer - Day Trader - Pet Lover / Rescue Volunteer  Have some degrees in Engineering - Worked in three continents - Travelled around the world - Speak some languages Life is short - Work Hard - Play Hard,
2 years of Advanced analytics experience in Customer Loyalty domain. - Presently working for one of the world's leading technology companies in Internet related services and products.  I am hands on in Python, R and SQL and have worked upon various projects involving campaign analysis using A/B tests, building predictive models to identify customers who would churn, potential customers for upsell campaigns etc.
Data Scientist with 8 years of experience in solving many real-world business problems across different domains, with proficiency in developing and deploying machine learning models.,Im_Disha,
Experienced, top-notch software professional who has been involved for over 20 years in design, development and deployment of complex and mission-critical systems as Chief Architect, Lead Developer and Project Manager.  * Strong enterprise focus and exceptional architecture/communication skills.  * Participated in and played an active lead role on high-profile projects for market leaders such as Bloomberg, NASDAQ, Microsoft, Merrill Lynch, H&R Block, Deluxe Corp, AT&T (Lucent), Broadbeam and Viacom, involving complex client and server-based systems design, implementation and deployment.  Specialties: Machine learning
Data Scientist @ HGS Digital Skills: C, C++, Python Area of Interest: Data Science, Data Structure & Algorithm,Computer Vision, Machine Learning M.TECH (CSE)-M.I.T. Manipal B.TECH (CSE)-CHARUSAT-Anand
Torture the data, and it will confess to anything. - Ronald Coase (Nobel Prize winning economist)  Data enthusiast and a programmer with the desire to solve the business problems using Data Science related techniques.I am excited about using data to solve interesting and impactful problems.  Skills ● Statistical analysis and data visualization using R, Python, SQL and Tableau ● Experience with Data Mining and Machine Learning algorithms and implementations on Big Data Sets in R and Python thereby leveraging the power of parallel computation ● Experience working with H2O (World’s leading open source Deep Learning Platform) Algorithms on Big Data Sets using R and Python. ● Experienced with the implementation of Deep Learning Algorithms (AutoEncoders and Deep Features) ● Interactive data visualization platform development using R Shiny and  ggplot2. ● Data processing pipeline building using Linux, Python, R,Spark and Hadoop.  Contact Details : Email : gauravdhingra29@gmail.com Mobile : +1(469)-951-9355
IBM certified Data Science professional with  8 years of experience in all phases of diverse technology projects specializing in Data Science & Analytics, Data Warehousing, Azure Machine Learning and Tableau.  Team builder with excellent communications, time & resource management & continuous client relationship development skills.    Ability (and hunger) to learn new data science  techniques, methodologies, software modules to answer business questions—I’m always looking for a more direct way of answering the business question  Wide breadth of programming experience including Python, R, SQL, Java/J2ee  and C++  My areas of expertise include:  > Machine Learning > Deep Learning (ANN & CNN)  > Advanced Statistics > Predictive and Data analysis > Data preprocessing , Data Wrangling &  Data Visualization  > Building, Evaluating and optimizing ML models > Data Mining,cleansing ,Analysis and Reporting  > A/B Testing > PL/SQL > Shell scripting > Web development(java / j2ee) > Object Oriented programming(using java
Completing Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science, I was able to develop a broad skill set in information technology, afterward, I decided to understand and learn the business side of information technology. During my Master's, I chose Business Information Systems and Data Analytics as majors, I was passionate to learn enterprise business requirements, information systems strategy, project management, etc. I developed a good command over data analytics tools including MySql, Python, Knime, and Tableau.  As a part of my industry project
I’m passionate about data science, specifically machine learning, data visualization and data-driven marketing. I firmly believe in utilizing technology and trends to guide decisions. As an individual, I like to challenge myself by creating new ideas to tackle the issues in our society today.   Beyond developing better coding knowledge (http://github.com/selinawj), I also dabble in speculative stocks trading and read up on the latest finance, technology, fashion & business buzz.,
M.S. Mathematics student in National University of Singapore. Compound background in Applied Mathematics, Data Analysis and System Analysis, with project experiences in Machine Learning, SQL, Tableau, Python, Java, C#. Actively seeking jobs related to data science.
Seeking a position in statistics field, where my strong analytical skills, ideas and a genuine enthusiasm would allow me to progress and grow.,
Hello. I am Albert. I am a student from Indonesia.  I want to be an engineer. To build cool things, to be useful for humanity, and to be productively happy.  In that pursuit, I ventured to four countries in the last four years: Indonesia, Singapore, China, and USA.  Let's both win, by helping each other win life.
I am a new graduate from the University of New South Wales with Business Analyst, Quality Analyst and Data Insights Analyst experience in the software development industry, also with basic knowledge of Database and Object Oriented Design, I have a good understanding of user-system interactions, both analysis and design (human-computer interaction processing system / models of interaction / process of design and evaluation).  In the role as a Salesforce software QA, I have had to learn the functions of Salesforce, and have become competant as a Salesforce Admin, studying towards my Certification. I have also been responsible for testing streams of work like Mass eDM, Visualforce Reporting, Sales Trust, etc for the Salesforce ISV Product built for the Real Estate Vertical.   As a data insights analyst, I have demonstrated excellent time management, and able to learn new software quickly. have shown I am a quick learner
Data Analyst with experience of working in Ecommerce, Financial Services and retails industry . Skilled in Machine Learning ,data mining and ETL, by using R,SAS, SQL, Python, Microsoft excel, PowerBI,etc
 ia,4+ years of overall IT experience. Data analysis in Excel & T-SQL and dashboard visualization using Tableau.  Open to learn new skills like PowerBI..
I'm a business analyst with a background in the maritime industry. During my time with Teekay Tankers as a marine engineer, I identified the need for data analysis to answer the questions looming over the industry. I decided to garner more experience in analytics and operations which led me to take up a role in Operations Analytics with Yulu, a bike-sharing start-up, to gain relevant work experience before pursuing a Master's programme in IT for Business Analytics (MITB) at Singapore Management University.   At Yulu, I was involved in operations, customer experience and warehouse management. I provided insights based on data collected from bikes and customers to answer questions like- What parts of the bike will fail next, Which region can we expect a rise/fall in demand, Reasons for higher customer complains, Which part of the city to launch in, etc.  At Teekay, I had the opportunity to work with a multi-national crew on board while being involved in preventive maintenance to reduce machinery mean time to failure, inventory management to track spare consumptions and equipment overhauls to increase vessel operational efficiency.   The MITB programme will equip me with the essential skills and tools required to garner insights from the large pools of data generated by companies and customers alike and due to the eclectic nature of electives offered, I will be able to burnish myself with the pertinent knowledge required to find solutions in different industries.   I am looking for fulltime opportunities in business intelligence and data analystics in Singapore. I can be contacted at nairvinit@outlook.com.  Specialities Include -  --Business analysis  --Dashboard Design in Tableau, R Shiny and Power BI --Data analysis with R and Python --JMP and SAS  --Working with multi-national team members --Maritime domain knowledge  --Work experience at sea  Things that help me unwind - playing the guitar
If you can connect the technical solution to the business problem in a way that both sides understand, you will unleash the potential of the data.  Believer of the 80/20 rule.   A junior data analyst working in the Business Information Solutions team at RAC. Role includes development in Analytical Skills, Data Modelling, Data Visualisation and Stakeholder Management.   Continuously developing analytical skills to utilise data to provide actionable insights. Further interest in the actuarial pathway, business improvement and investments with a B.Sc focused in Actuarial and Applied Statistics.  Managing Perth's Young Sikh Professionals Network (YSPN) finances and external affairs. YSPN was formed to provide opportunities for the first generation of ian Sikh professionals to build their professional capacity and to build the profile of the community. YSPN has chapters in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth and Auckland.,
Junior Data Analyst with experience across Transport-Tech and Retail industry. Highly analytical and process-oriented professional with intermediate understanding of business operations and analytics tools for effective analyses of data.   • Analytical capabilities include market segmentation, process management, business requirement analysis, research-cost analysis & portfolio/risk optimization. Driven and dedicated work ethics with a strong ability to convert business requirements into technical aspects.  • Project experience in data analysis; requiring data mining, exploratory analysis and attention to detail along with well-developed IT, programming and analytical skills.   • Demonstrated teamwork, leadership and problem-solving skills, working effectively in teams developing strong relationships.   Technical Skills:  • Hands on experience in using BI tools - Tableau and Power BI • Efficient in using Jedox and Pronto for Enterprise Performance Management & Analysis • Advanced Proficiency in MS Excel; VBA  • Intermediate knowledge of SQL and Python  Accolades:  • Received Golden Key International Award in recognition of outstanding academic achievement. • Recognised by Business Insider for accomplishments at UBER.,
Graduate software engineering - Junior Web Developer (2016) - Data Analyst (current) - php, html, javascript, mysql, node.js, REST API, mongoDB - Passionate, Motivated, Positive.,
I am resilient in my learning and I put in maximum effort in all my work, either independently or as a team.
February 17,Business Analytics student at Deakin University and an experienced Data analyst at one of the fastest growing IT company in Melbourne with a demonstrated history of working as a Team Lead in Information Technology sector, Services Delivery and Banking Industry. Skilled in Quality Control, CRM (HubSpot),Data visualisations (Power BI), Data mining, AML process, FATCA changes, Account Reconciliations, Change Management, Recruitment and Examination process, Project Management, Requirements Analysis and Banking Analysis. Strong Information Technology Professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Business Administration in information Technology from Symbiosis International University.,
I am a Data Analyst | Data Scientist with background of Web Developer. I have found my increasingly passion in using data to solving the world problems beside the booming of AI. My vision to master the knowledge of machine learning, data analysis and deep learning together with well developing soft skill in communication, well-played team-work and issue troubleshooting.  Specifically, I'm open for any opportunities as junior data scientist and will look for a role where I can utilize my quantitative skills in the healthcare, finance and sport analytics fields.   I’m always interested in hearing from former colleagues, managers, or just interesting creative folk, so please to contact me if you’d like to connect.,
Currently a junior data analyst with property portal 99.co, one of the fastest growing start-ups in Singapore. I write about my experience as a non-techie in the world of tech at https://artsciencemillennial.substack.com  With more than nine years of experience in both journalism and communications, I am also the author and photographer of The Invisible Force: Singapore Gurkhas, a book on the Singapore Gurkha Contingent that chronicles its role in Singapore's security and the Gurkhas'​ struggles after retirement.  Newsletter: https://artsciencemillennial.substack.com  Email: zi.liang.chong@gmail.com Github: github.com/ziliangchong
Accomplished junior data analyst with strong analytical and communication skills. Proven successful sales and IT support experience. High level of responsibility and efficiency under pressure in a fast-paced environment. I am solution-focused and committed to continuous improvement.
Data Science, Data Analyst, Statistician, Market Research,
Highly ambitious IT graduate from the University of New South Wales holding a background in Information Technology with applied software and data analytics services. I feel constantly motivated to go above and beyond with my technical knowledge acquired from past experiences and hands-on learning opportunities.
I graduated from the University of Technology Sydney majoring in Data Analytics in 2019. Currently, I am interning with Faethm AI in Sydney as a Junior Data Analyst.  I am a passionate and motivated professional seeking an entry-level full-time job opportunity in the field of Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning or Cloud Computing to implement my technical skills and be an asset to my organization while upgrading myself simultaneously.   My top three hard skills (proven by SFIA) include but are not limited to Business Analysis (BUAN Level 5), Data Modelling and Design (DATM Level 5) and Software Programmer (PROG Level 5). My areas of interest include, again are not limited to, Data Analytics (AI and ML), Business Analysis, Cloud Computing, Project Management and Leadership.  Being from India, I currently reside in Sydney, ia, with a temporary resident visa (subclass 485)
Timothy has a huge passion for data analytics. He seeks to acquire the technical knowledge to conduct end-to-end data analysis, from data processing to Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) and finally to applying Machine Learning algorithms (if need be). He aspires to use data to drive business decisions.  Skills: Python, Pyspark, Hive, Hadoop, Airflow
,I love seeing data come to life with my visualisation tool-kit and find peace in exploring various ways in which data can be presented and shown to the world in a meaningful way.  With a Bachelor’s degree in IT from DMCE university, Mumbai, I am extremely passionate for the underlying power that complex data possesses and love wandering seamlessly within the depths of it
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry like Traveloka. Managing stakeholders in Payment, PayLater, & UANGKU Balance context. Skilled in SQL, Python, and Databases. Strong information technology professional focused in Computer Science from University of Indonesia.,thesarmz
First and foremost, ever since I was a kid, mathematics has been my favourite.  As I went through the basic maths during high school, this passion took me to be the Bachelor of Science in Actuarial Science from Asia Pacific University and Staffordshire University, received a dual degree with honours. I studied the higher mathematics, business & finance and new programming languages such as R which is my main area and VB as well.  So now, in the industry, this passion remains in me. I enjoy meeting new people and deals with numbers.  And I am very thankful for this.
I am a junior Data Analyst with a strong background in Statistics and Business Information Systems. I am fascinated by the power of Data Analytics, by the idea that data never lie, and by the fact that data can help us to reduce human bias and make more rational decisions. I have been developing programming and data-investigation skills since then, facilitated by an open mindset and commitment to continuous learning and professional development.   With competency in Statistical techniques, Python, SQL, Machine Learning and Data Visualization, I am looking for either a full-time, part-time or possibly paid internship role to employ my technical expertise and develop innovative solutions that make a tangible positive impact.,
Data Scientist with strong analytical and problem solving skills in addition to technical skills in Python and statistical modelling. Provided business analysis to support the legal and compliance team at Bank of China, analysing and reducing fraud. Bachelor of Actuarial Studies at UNSW, completed 2015 and Masters of Mathematics at UNSW with mathematical modelling and actuarial studies (complete Nov-19).
Currently pursuing a Bachelor (Hons) in Computer Science with a Specialism in Data Analytics, as well as a trainee of certified Digital Marketing Specialist.
A data enthusiast aiming to excel in the data analytics field through working on different technologies and a variety of projects to gain insight into the world of Analytics.,
A postgraduate in Data Analytics with 5 years of commercial experience in statistical analytics, data handling, data mining, data analysis, data cleaning, data manipulation, and data integration across various industries include retail operations, food technology, property market, and education technology. Proficient in working with structured & unstructured data and extracting business insights. Actively looking for a position to work in an organization with a cross-functional team that enables me to gain exposure to various data-driven technologies.  Skills:  I am good at : •	Problem-solving and analytical skills •	Self-motivated and committed to delivering assigned tasks on time. •	Strong leadership and risk management skills. •	Good communicator and an energetic team player. •	Adaptable to changes in different work environments.   Technical skills - Analytical tools                          :  MS Excel, C#, Google analytics. Business intelligence tools        : Power BI
Final year Bachelor of Computer Science and Mechatronics Engineering UNSW student aiming to pursue a career revolving around technology, data science and marketing analytics.  Specific areas which I am interested in: - Data Science / Machine Learning - Computer Vision - Marketing Science - Data-driven innovation  In my free time, I love trying different coffees from different origins or blends
I am a junior Data Analyst on a continuous learning journey in the world of data analytics.
Data Analyst | Front-End Web Developer | Entrepreneur | Musician  Sai is a data analyst currently pursuing masters in data science with a bachelors in computer science. he is statistical, creative & logical programmer. He is usually focused on solving data-related problems and building machine learning applications and more focused on helping businesses make a better decision using data, design and analytical strategies.  You can always see him inspired by Data, Complex Problems, Algorithms, Business Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Web Design, Business Development, Strategies and Planning, Artwork and Pop-Culture.  You can find him here: Articles: https://medium.com/@saidiwakar.bhrugubanda Web: http://diwakar.space/ Github: https://github.com/SaiDiwakar97  Contact him here: Gmail: saidiwakar.bhrugubanda@gmail.com Phone: +61- 412134092,
My name, Nur Nadhirah Bt Shamsul Sahar, graduate student from UiTM Shah Alam, majoring in Bachelor of Information Technology (Hons.) Intelligent Systems Engineering. Currently I am Data Analyst at Naza Corporation Holdings and I'm very interest if there have any position that suit me especially in IT field that offered by your company. I'm also willing to travel and ready to learn independently.   I got some of experience while my internship. I'm just finish my internship at IBM Centre of Excellence in order to complete my Bachelor Degree and I gain some of my experience during internship in my Diploma. During both of my internship I'm developed a system. You can refer my portfolio that has been attached in my resume.  You also can reach me by email or phone to further discuss this opportunity. Thank you for your time, and I looking forward to hear from you soon.,
An enthusiastic, fun-loving, and highly positive full-time working individual with strong interest in information systems seeking opportunities in the Tech Industry, desirably Business Analytics, Product Management, Digital Marketing and Business Development. I have strong technical and business expertise with excellent interpersonal skills. I am eager to be challenged in order to grow. I love exploring new things, and am a fast learner, who when given an opportunity, can prove herself with the best results.,
,✩✩✩✩✩✩✩✩✩✩ ANALYST | ANALYTICS ✩✩✩✩✩✩✩✩✩✩  Accomplished Analyst with demonstrated background in providing solutions for high-priority business goals and strategic decisions. Skilled troubleshooter and problem solver, adept at delivering comprehensive statistical and data analysis to identify and resolving inefficiencies. Noted expertise in data analysis and modeling, investment management and technical solutions development. Highly adept at driving the continuous improvement of operations by implementing processes and solutions Fluent in English and Thai, intermediate Hindi.,
February 14,Experienced IT/Library Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in R, Customer Service, Library Management, SAS Programming, and Microsoft Office. Strong education professional with a Master of Business Information Technology focused in Information Technology from RMIT University.,
Aspiring Data Analyst | Accredited Translator | Aviation & Art Enthusiast  A penultimate year student at Singapore Management University (SMU) studying Information Systems with a second major in Organisational Behaviour & Human Resources. Expected to graduate in April 2022.   With a keen interest in data analytics, I find it extremely rewarding and enjoyable to discover useful information from piles of data and provide tangible solutions. I love the creative, visual, and logical aspects of what I do and see, and I have been continuously following my passion.   Being effectively bilingual and bicultural, I developed open-minded and observant characteristics over the years that allow me to easily adapt to the changing environments today.
In my three years of experience I have always been told I stand out for my work ethic. I consistently align myself with the values, mission and vision of the organisations I am a part of. I have great sense of belonging and self-motivation that combined with my creativity has always allowed me to generate improvements for my team. I believe that this leads to mutual growth within the organisation. I have demonstrated team-leadership skills by my ability to make my work environment more fulfilling with my initiative and determined attitude. I consider myself a risk taker who pushes my abilities beyond my limits to make more of an impact in the organization.  Due to my achievements, I was awarded a scholarship from the University of Queensland where I did my Masters of Commerce.,
I am an avid data science and analytics enthusiast with theoretical and practical experience in visualisation, predictive analysis and machine learning. I specialise in building visualisations and dashboards for the purpose of storytelling and aiding data-backed decision making. I enjoy facilitating non-technical students with exploring how different software and tools can be used to gain educated insights.  Competencies: Data Visualisation | Visual Analytics | Data Science (EDA, preparation, cleansing, feature selection, modelling, validation) | Machine Learning | Predictive Modelling | Statistical Analysis | Data Interpretation | Supervised Learning (Regression, Classification) | Unsupervised Learning (Dimensionality Reduction) | Time Series Analysis | Web Scraping  Languages & Frameworks: Tableau | Python (pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, seaborn, matplotlib) | SQL | LaTeX
A dedicated, strong willed individual who is committed to turning ideas into reality. I believe objective can be achieved by working in a team that is dedicated and capable using data and the right resources. I am seeking a career that allows me to contribute by leveraging my strength and interest.
Extensive hands-on experience in Data Science and Business Intelligence tools. A keen focus on learning and applying new tools and techniques to solve business problems using the power of data.,
Data and Reporting Analyst with extensive strength in analysing and interpreting large and complex datasets to deliver highly accurate data for building dashboards/KPIs and analysis reports and providing insights and consumable information for all relevant stakeholders in alignment with standards and policies as well as business analytics strategies by using advanced tools and different reporting environments.  Technical Skills  •	High level of proficiency with creating      dashboards in Tableau   •	Experienced in creating KPI dashboards in Power BI    •	Strong mathematical and numeracy skills  •	Using SQL queries to extract, manipulate, modeling and preparing data for reporting and analytics •	Competent advanced knowledge of Excel including but not limited to formulas and Pivot tables  •	Familiar with JavaScript, Node.js, and MongoDB •	Knowledgeable about Html, and CSS Frameworks(Bootstrap),
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in digital marketing industry. Skilled in BI Reporting, Data Visualization (Power BI & Tableau), Data analytics and Storytelling.,
Junior Data Scientist currently working in the advertising & marketing industry. Proficient in Python, Tableau, SQL, MS Excel & Google Data Studio.
As a graduate of Mathematics and Economics, Alson is comfortable with numbers and enjoys solving complex problems. Being always curious and inquisitive, coupled with knowledge in statistics, regression and programming, makes the role of a data analyst/scientist a great fit for Alson.  Alson has had experience in data analysis work - uncovering insights, data visualizations and recommending actionable insights. This is a field that he has great passion for and wish to pursue fervently in. As there is still much to learn and technology is constantly changing, he keeps himself abreast of developments in this field and constantly improve his skills via MOOCs and competing in Kaggle competitions.  Please feel free to connect and contact at alsonyap185@gmail.com,
Master of Analytics candidate with a strong business and educational background in networking, programming   and management. Excellent analytical, problem-solving, communication and team skills.,
I work on bringing my analytical skills and technical knowledge to solve business problems to improve productivity and efficiency. My long term career objective is to become that data girl everyone in the organisation can count on. I am open to new and exciting opportunities that will help to add to my skill set.  Currently trying my luck in mobile application development specifically in Flutter. Along with that, I am working as a Data analyst for Rosetta Analytics. My previous role as BA has given me a platform to exercise my Stakeholder Management and Project Management skills. I have performed Requirements gathering and analysis for various internal projects.  Skilled in Data Warehousing, Management, Project Implementation, and Business Process Management, I am a strong research professional with a Master of Business Information Management and Systems focused on Information Technology from La Trobe University.  I also have experience in using various tools for Data Analysis such as SQL, Power BI, Tableau, Machine Learning in R and Python, Orange and MS Excel.  GitHub link: https://github.com/blurryface94,
Looking for my next challenge within Data Analytics. Working as a data analyst in multiple sectors has enabled me to develop my skill set further. My experience to date has only reinforced my desire to peruse a career in Data Consultancy.  Adept in Tableau data visualisation software, proficient in Domo an MS Power BI. Capable of programming in SQL and Python (scripting). Online Nanaodegree course completed with Udacity in Data Analytics.  Integrating into networks of colleagues and hierarchy is something that I pride myself on. I wish to build on my experience and challenge myself further in data analytics, enabling companies to be data-driven as opposed to data-led.,
Turning data into actionable insights, and a meaningful story is the underlying passion that drives my analytical acumen, and aptitude for challenging problems.
Junior Data Engineer with almost 5 awesome years of experience inside developing software field which more than 2 years were analyzing Big Data sets. Some of my strongest skills are: building complex SQL queries with SQL Server; Data Wrangling with Excel Macros and Ms Excel; Making useful reports with charts on Ms Excel; and using Git code repositories with GitHub. Additionally, I developed software over Languages such as: Java, JavaScript, PHP and Python using Ubuntu OS and Apache Tomcat as a Web Server. I really enjoyed working and helping my work teams as Big Data Analyst.
I am a petroleum engineering graduate who’s keen to cash in on the 4.0 industry by creating opportunities and develop my skills mostly on data science field as well as petroleum industry. I went through a training as a Junior Data Scientist and has successfully developed my knowledge on Python programming language for Data Analysing, Data Visualisation and Machine Learning purposes.,
Seasoned Business Intelligence Analyst/ Digital Analyst.  Analytical Tools: Power BI, Microstrategy10.4, Cognos Programming: SQL, Java Desktop Applications: MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Visio Advanced Excel: Sensitivity Analysis,Pivot tables, Macros. Statistical Methods: Regression Analysis, Hypothesis testing, analysis of variance, estimation Agile Methodology:  SDLC
Above all else, show the data.” – Edward R. Tufte  Professional IT engineer and Microsoft certified Data Analyst with more than 5 years’ experience in Data quality, Financial analysis, Accounting and Data reporting. Capable of making useful conclusions to help others make meaningful decisions about operation. A team player that combines loyalty with a strong work ethic and can immediately tackle all analyst responsibilities effectively and capably.,
 Malaysia,
I provide the actionable and reliable information at the right time to boost productivity and clear your business questions.,
Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis and Mathematical Modelling. Strong education professional with a Master's degree focused in Financial Engineering from National University of Singapore.   - Firm knowledge and foundation in SAS, SPSS, R, Python, Octave, Matlab, SQL, VBA, Excel, and Bloomberg Terminal.   - Firm knowledge in statistics, risk management, corporate financing and risk, programming and product management.  - Good statistics data interpretation skills.  -CFA Level 1 and FRM Level 2 passed.  - Sound communication skills and proficiency in English and Mandarin.,
She has participated in a variety of development and support functions for systems in  business domains  such as Sales and Distribution, Procurement, Foreign Trade, General Ledger She has been developing systems with Oracle RMS, Retail Fiscal Management, Oracle Forms, Oracle Report, Pro*C, SQL,  PL/SQL and Shell Scripts for more than 15 years. Now, she is analysing data from ABS – ia Bureau Statistics and Vinnies to understand the Poverty in South ia.  Extract and transform it using VBA from Excel to Tableau.
Education background in Software Engineering. Previously working as a Software Engineer for a year. Currently working as a Data Analyst and aim to develop my career as a Data Scientist.,
An experienced individual with strong analytic capabilities and the ability to build models that fit the problem best. Passion for interpreting the story behind data using data wrangling, exploration and visualization techniques. Looking to apply data scientist experience in a fast-paced and dynamic firm to create Machine Learning Data Models that generate insights and benefit the organization.,
Highly analytical and process-oriented data analyst with in-depth knowledge research methodologies, cleaning, manipulating, and visualization. Motivated, teamwork-oriented, and responsible data analyst with significant experience in increasing comprehension of reports and presentations using Power BI. Highly educated in the field of Business Management and IBM professional certifications in SQL Server development and data analysis with Python.
I want to expand my networking in data analyst/scientist fields. I have more than five years of experience in data analysis and coding in Python and MATLAB in the mechanical and aerospace engineering fields. I have also applied machine learning techniques (gradient descent and other methods) in the mechanical, aerospace, defence and renewable energy fields. I possess good statistical analysis skills used in experimental measurements as well as a strong ability to meet targets and work independently across multiple projects and regions. Through my previous roles, I have acquired more than three years of experience in consultation in engineering applications. With a great personality to adjust to new environments, I also love working very hard. Fluent in English and Japanese with full ian working rights. I am passionate to learn new skills in the data fields. (keep learning lol)
Database designer with strong emphasis on business understanding. Complex data migrations. I am passionate about our Row Level Security product and know that it will revolutionise the data warehousing space.  Specialties: SQL Database design and architecture. Row Level database security. Structured Query Language. Data Migration. Data warehousing.,
I have a science background in the field of plant science, plant molecular biology and physiology. I have strong skills on Communication, Problem Solving and Team work. I am changing my career to Information System Analysis, focusing on gaining experience as Business Analyst.,
Professional Snapshot:   •	Masters in Food Technology who gradually found her passion in BI Development and Data Analytics.  •	 Intern at MVP Studio.  •	Currently working in data analysis and presentation on a cloud-based Property Investment platform using the Microsoft BI Suite.   •	Working as Sales cum Executive assistant in Bahwan CyberTek for ASIA and Middle East region.  •	Worked with Standard Chartered Bank for their client outreach program as part of MIFID/EMIR regulatory requirements.  •	Hands on experience of working with senior management for providing insight driven quantitative and qualitative governance/control reports using data analytics and MIS.  •	Experienced in coordinating, planning and organising wide range general operations activities.  •	Good teamwork skills and I have worked in several large shared projects in a multi-racial and cultural environment.  •	Previously worked with leading food industries in India as Quality Assurance Lead for 5 years.
With a Bachelor in Engineering and a Masters in Computer Science, I have broad experience in   project management, research, business analysis, process improvement, reporting and   administration gained in complex Government and private sector organisations.  I have the demonstrated ability to adapt to new concepts and environments and support high   performance and an environment of continuous improvement.     I have strong analytical skills and the ability to map processes, develop new process   models/diagrams to increase efficiency and achieve cost savings across multiple business units.   I have advanced IT proficiency including advanced Microsoft Office tools.  My key skills include: •	Project Management  •	Research  •	Business Analysis •	Process Improvement •	Compliance and Auditing •	Reporting & Administration •	IT Training,
I have a formula. It’s not a secret, and it works. I am a process oriented data analyst passionate about exceeding targets and telling compelling stories about data to guide decision-making. I pride myself in adding value through my passion for playing a role in the continued improvement in my team’s performance, adapting my practiced skills in report writing, and understanding of accounting and financial modelling concepts.,
Professional Summary:  Skilled data analyst or data scientist with more than 8 years of industry experience in data analytics mainly for credit cards, payments and loyalty programs to generate quality customer insights, identify hidden trends and make decisions in order to form new marketing strategy and business opportunities. Have excellent grasp in data analytics to find potential credit card customers, evaluate customer credit worthiness, identify credit card frauds etc. Expert in developing effective marketing campaign strategies by identifying target audience, deciding right content on digital media, personalizing different product offerings and planning effective promotion and distribution using data science propensity model. Proficient in generating weekly, monthly and quarterly dashboard reports on customer portfolio, sales forecasting, high risk accounts, credit recommendations etc. Inquisitive in nature, quick learner and excellent team player with strong interpersonal skills with the ability to inspire, mentor and develop others. Visit: LinkedIn and GitHub Profiles.  Technical Skills:  R
I'm a Data enthusiast and dedicated Data Analysis practitioner with the technical expertise and business acumen necessary to translate business requirements and objectives into scalable, highly resilient, and successful solutions.   I have hand-on experience with ERP Systems (SAP, SAP ARIBA), using tools like Python, SQL, Microsoft BI, Tableau, and basic knowledge with Google Cloud, and AWS.  Accomplishments involve several successful projects (process automation, performance improvements, cost reduction, IT infrastructure transformation
A deeply passionate Roboticist and Data Scientist with close to 1.5 years of work experience with McKinsey & Company. Currently pursuing Masters in Computer Control & Automation at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore specializing in Autonomous Vehicles.   Key competencies: Robotics, Autonomous vehicles, Machine learning, Data engineering/Visualization, Data Analytics.
Experienced Migration Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in Analyst, Testing, and Quality Assurance roles with experience in analyzing data using SQL and Excel and using management tools as JIRA, Confluence, WebRT, Internal Migration Tools, SalesForce, CRM. ISTQB and ITIL Foundation certiﬁed with an ability to acquire new skills within short timescales. Ability to adapt to rapidly changing work practices and maintain excellent working relationships with colleagues.,
Assiduous. Creative. Technocrat.   CS Researcher, Machine/Deep learning enthusiast with credible records in learning new development/technical skills since graduating with an Information Technology degree.   A communicative/inspiring agile team player who presents ideas effectively and is capable to assist others in amenable procedures. Skilled in Data Analytics and programming languages like Python, R, Java, and other technical packages. Quickly surpasses expectations in researching.    Research interest includes Machine Learning (With applied IoT), HCI (Human Computing Interactions), IS (Information Studies),
Data Professional, Fueling the Momentum of Change in Technology.  4+ years of experience in the ICT/Retail/ E-commerce industry.,
Techno Functional Professional having 11+ years of experience in Business Analysis, Data extraction, Processing, Mining and analysis and knowledge on various Credit Risk Metrics such as EAD, PD, LGD, RWA and IL, CP, IP etc.. 	Have been with Risk reporting and Analytics in ANZ (Risk Services) for 4 years and with Enterprise Data Integrity team since April 2014. 	Exposure to different banking / risk systems / Applications and its data flow structure. 	Proficient in identifying & adopting emerging trends to achieve projects objectives & goals. 	Experience in analysing the impact on RWA by multiple factors and functioning towards RWA estimation and optimisation. 	Gathering requirements, writing test scripts and supporting post implementation of solution in the systems. 	Identifying data anomalies and define rules for automated and semi-automated resolution and investigating potential sources of error in financial information. Conducting different data integrity checks on the systems and the dashboards. 	Worked across different BUs reports – I & IB (Global Markets, Specialised Lending), Lending Services, Corporate Banking and retail divisions. 	Investigating and reconciling the data in Credit Risk system across all group financial asset classes and collateral classes to feed into annual results. 	Worked on market data research and analysis using Pink Sheets
Experienced and detailed oriented Data Analyst with 4 years of experience in Data Migration and 13 years in software development, business requirement, DB modelling, solutions design end-user support and leadership. Possesses knowledge within multiple BI environments including planning and execution of full ETL cycle, Data Visualization, Data Quality Analysis and Data Reconciliation using:  -	SSIS, SSAS, DAX, PowerBI, Tableau -	SAP, BW, BODS, Information Steward, ABAP -	MS SQL
IT professional with 8 years of experience in Data Analysis, Big Data, and Software Engineering,
Santhosh Basavegowda is having a total IT experience of 13 years and in which he has worked in BI and Data warehousing for 10.5 years.Cognos TM1 being his main area of expertise, he has also worked with Cognos BI, Pentaho, SSIS, Informatica, Brio, Crystal reports, Birt, Qlickview, VB and the databases like Oracle, SQL-Server 2005/2008 and DB2.  He has worked with various clients like GE, CompuCom, General Motors Auto Insurance
A curious and highly-motivated Data/Visualisation Analyst with a multi-disciplinary background in business analytics and visual communications design.  As a data-driven individual, I enjoy working alongside with client to help identify, solve, and communicate their strategic business problem using an insight-driven business approach, creative problem solving and engaging presentations.  I have years of extensive exposure in consumer insight and market research company, tech start-up, and digital agency, which allow me to develop a strong commercial acumen and technical skills.   I'm using primarily (but not limited to): Tableau, Tableau Prep, Power BI, Altryx, Snowflake SQL, Python
April 27,Data Analyst with over 5 years of professional experience in developing, interpreting and analyzing data to drive business solutions for Banking & Insurance Industries. Proficient in SQL, & Python Programming Languages. Exceptional understanding of multiple data analytical platforms like MS Excel, MS SQL Server, MS BI Stack (SSIS, SSAS & SSRS), Informatica, Tableau and Power BI. Specialize in developing solutions to complex business problems by building analytical solutions and delivering operational effectiveness through automation of processes.
Python Programmer | R Programmer | Tableau Expert | Data Wrangler | Data Visualizer | Trainer,
My aim is to continue my progression and personal development in the field of Data Analytics and Business Intelligence, focusing on boosting my knowledge and skills to fulfill a project management or business analyst role in order to achieve both, business and career objectives.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the mental health care industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis and visualisation, gathering Software/Data Requirements, and Data Management. Expertise in SQL, Tableau, PowerBI and various other data and reporting technologies.
Seeking to make connections in the Oil & Gas Industry  Current:- Field Data Analyst - for Schlumberger Geoservices  Former: - Contract Surface Logging Data Engineer - Halliburton New Zealand / ia, Consultant Wellsite geologist / MWD Engineer / Data Engineer / Mudlogging Geologist with 18+ years total in the oil & gas industry with experience across the globe in 9 countries.
I am a fresh graduate who loves to learn and gain knowledge in everything. Or in other words I am passionately curious. Currently I am eager to learn deeply into data analytic. But it does not mean I am limiting myself into data analytic field. It was started from my Decision Science degree where I was exposed with operation research, quantitative science techniques, statistics, mathematical simulations.   Outside class, I joined Red Crescent Society in university. I get the opportunity to join volunteering activity, learned to give first aid. I also joined Taekwondo. During my high school, I enjoyed being leader in school club activities. The highest position I held was a Head Librarian because I love to be in library and get to be in change trusted by teachers. I also one of the school Netball player.   I have experience doing my internship at Perak Economic Planning Unit under Government Secretariat Office. While doing internship I experienced to be behind the scene of Perak's projects' planning and execution. I also successfully conduct a Fun Run project under Environment Department to raise awareness for Green Environment movement in Perak.   Sometimes, during semester break, I would help my aunt and be a waitress at her cafe in Tanah Rata Cameron Highlands. Even though it is just a small business, but I got the opportunity to meet with tourist and recommend local foods.  Meeting with new people and strike up in compelling conversation is my archilles heels. I am very shy and I become careful with what I am about to say. But according to my friends, they say that I am cool and fun. So I do believe I am more charming after you get to know me.  I think this one can explain more about me. Recently, I took a personality test online and my personality code is ISFP-T. Another thing about me is that I am family oriented person. I put a priority on my family before anything else. I believe that everything blessed in my life is from loves and supports from my parents.
Experienced Senior Data Analyst skilled in Regression Analysis and Modelling, Negotiation, Analytical Skills, Data Visualization, and Management. Strong information technology professional graduated from Western Sydney University with Honors in Economics examining the Executive pay-for-performance relationship within a corporate governance framework and managerial power.
Working as a freelance Data Analyst. Doing overall data management, Statistical and Complex Analysis like Brand Equity Index, Jaccard Analysis, Regression Analysis, and Normalize Scores.,
A junior developer seeking a career opportunity in a progressive growth-oriented organization where I can gain experience and improve my skills utilizing my academic background and interpersonal skills.  Technical Skills: - Programming Skills using SQL, Python, Java, C++, C# and Excel macros VBA. - Experience in the use of Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI.  - Understanding of cloud computing-based architectures, including IaaS, Paas and SaaS.  - Exposure to different cloud technologies and concepts in AWS and Azure.  - Understanding of new architecture frameworks such as Microservices, Serverless etc.  - Understanding of container design and orchestration such as Docker, Kubernetes.  - Experience in Embedded application development (Internet of Things: Arduino, Particle Photon and Raspberry Pi) - Experience in implementation of various wired communication protocols including I2C, SPI, Ethernet
Around 14 years of experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing & Maintenance of various Software applications & over 10 years of extensive Data Warehousing Experience. •Worked on CRM Tools – NetSuite & Zoho •Carried out Configuration Management in  ServiceNow  •Managed ServiceNow Reference Tables (Location, Vendor, Model, Company) & Configuration Items (Modems, Media Engines, Screen, Tablet) in CMDB  •Worked on Data Migration of Core Banking System Data from Bankwest to the Analytics & Information Platform of Commonwealth Bank of ia. •Worked on multi-year, highly complex projects in Investment Banking & Telecom Domain.   •Highly skilled in Data Warehouse Concepts •Complete understanding of SDLC & STLC. •Good understanding of Interest Rate Derivative products, OTC & Fixed Income markets. •Carried out reconciliation in various projects using Intellimatch tool & Excel using VLOOKUP, HLOOKUP & Pivot Tables. •Proficient in performing Data quality checks on huge volume of Data. •Expertise in analysing Business Requirements from Business documents & creation of User Stories. •Working experience in Agile Projects (end to end). Good knowledge in Agile Software Development Process & Scrum Methodology. •Experience in Functional Testing, System Testing
As a talented financial professional, I am skilled in managing financial services while assisting senior-leadership in achieving organizational goals. I am able to successfully utilize contract guidelines in supporting service level agreements, identifying costs while reducing redundancy.  Additionally, I hold a background in law and economics in which I can utilize my knowledge along with my financial experience in conducting data analysis  and information research key to operational effectiveness. Contact me today to see how I can help your organization achieve its business goals through leadership, problem resolution, and strategic planning!
Big Data Analyst with strong knowledge of database types and a broad overview of Data Transformation and Visualization process. Highly motivated to pursue a career in People Analytics.,RoutrayMonalisa
Junior Data Analyst/Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Skilled in data analysis and visualization, data extraction, cleansing and manipulation using SQL and Python, predictive modelling, machine learning, Python programming, Microsoft Excel, and statistical analysis. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's degree in computer science majoring in Data Science from Deakin University.,
Great passion over Data Science and Machine Learning for predictive analytics. Eager to learn more about the world of Data Science and its possibility to solve current issues.,
Clarice is an Information Systems undergraduate pursuing the third year in Singapore Management University. She aspires to work in projects which require her to break down data to tell a story, and improve the business process using IT. Clarice is open to new experience and is an eager learner.  Clarice hopes that one day she would be using her analytical skills to add value in the beauty industry. She enjoys watching beauty product reviews online and making casual 'get ready with me' videos for her Instagram viewers. Clarice loves people and enjoys meaningful, heartfelt conversations.,
Looking for opportunities in data science and analytics. Always looking to learn new things and constantly upgrade skills.,
I am a highly driven problem-solver with a passion for building impactful, scalable, quality software.  I recently graduated from Singapore Management University with a degree in Information Systems, 2nd major in Analytics (Advanced Technology), and have developed with Java, Python, Clojure, SQL, and NoSQL. I have a special interest in working with data and previously applied machine learning techniques to cyber defence and law technology, as well as tackled mental health issues through data mining research.  I will be starting my software engineering career as a New Analyst with Goldman Sachs in July 2020.,hingkid,
March 20,I am a postgraduate student with Bachelor of Commerce degree at University of Sydney. Currently taking Master of IT course at University of Technology Sydney, major in software development. Key skills including MEAN stack development, iOS application development and quantitative share trading.,
Ryan is a senior year student currently pursuing a bachelor's degree in Information Systems at Singapore Management University, with a major in Business Analytics.  As an industrious individual with an inquisitive mind, he is willing to take on challenges that will enable him to gain industry knowledge and exposure within the IT industry. He enjoys reading blogs and articles of the different innovative approaches that people have used to contribute to the success of projects with a diverse range business problems and requirements.   Ryan is graduating in May 2021 and is open to opportunities in 2021. He would love to have a chat with you to get to know about your work experiences about technological solutions and to assess if he will be a good fit for your company. Feel free to reach out to him!  He can be reached at ryantanwl@gmail.com,
Strong Self-learning skillset, love to play data on kaggle.
I’m a Data Analyst with expertise in a wide range of data analysis and visualizations including R, Python, SAS, SQL, MS BI Stack, and Power BI. I have delivered a range of projects including credit registry analysis and reporting. Recently worked as a Data and Reporting Analyst - Intern with Illion, practicing data analysis tools such as SAS, SSMS to perform ETL. PowerBI and MS Excel for BAU reporting.,
A passion for data analytics, statistical modelling, and data visualisation techniques to provide insights and emerging solutions to business questions. Entrepreneurial, adaptable and an avid learner. A self-starter who also works effectively in a team-based environment.  www.github.com/tojhe
committed project lead and Data Analyst who has experience working as a Risk analyst in addition to a savvy Data  Analyst and Project Lead.   Shailja has been working with Artificial Intelligence ia’s chairman on a large Ventures project based in Sydney where she coordinated a team of 100 interns.    A Deakin university Masters graduate in Analytics, Shailja’s commitment to the field of analytics started working for Risk Management Solution Private Ltd. as a Risk Analyst. This role provided Shailja with  a strong grounding in data and analysis, Structured Query Language (SQL), the importance of data, data management, data analysis, data scrubbing and data quality.  Shailja has acquired skills in project management and trained technical and stakeholder levels.
My Objective is to encounter a firm that will enable me to grow as a professional and as an individual. I already have 1 year of experience within the Data Analyst sector and I hope to help a company achieve success while simultaneously enhancing my personal knowledge.I enjoy encountering new challenges and this proactive mindset has already helped me to achieve the success within this sector.
Have strong interest and persistent pursuit in data analysis studies, being detail-driven and willing to acquire new skills. A good team player, dedicated in work and capable of dealing with high-pressure environment and a fast learner under new environment.,
Penultimate student from the National University of Singapore, pursuing a B.Sc in Computational Biology, with a Minor in Computer Science and Statistics  I have a strong passion and interest in data analytics  I enjoy understanding problems and developing innovative solutions to solve them  Working hard and smart are essential qualities to thrive where learning serves as a lifelong enjoyment,
Skilled Python and R programmer, great Data Analysis and Data Visualisation skills. Strong support professional with a Postgraduate Diploma in Computer Science from University of Melbourne. Experienced multilingual business professional with a demonstrated history of working across cultures in the government education sector. Currently honing skills as a data analyst while completing a master's degree in Computer Science.
Lead Data Analyst in Grab, I am skilled in SQL, Tableau, PowerBI, Python, VBA. Extensive experience in creating ETL pipelines, data marts and visualizations and presenting business insights to stakeholders.,
Data scientist with 3+ years of experience working on a range of data analytics projects (particularly machine learning).  I do well at: a) Framing business requirements mathematically b) Building clean and predictive features for machine learning models
My passion is in using statistical methods to derive actionable insights from data. I apply my skills in statistics, machine learning, and data visualization to draw information and conclusions from the data. To refine my skills, I have joined the Data Star graduate finishing program organized by ASEAN Data Analytics eXchange (ADAX) as a Data Scientist trainee.   My undergraduate education at Universiti Tun Hussein Onn has equipped me with skills in data mining, statistical modelling, sampling methods and forecasting. For my final year project, I compared the performance of two machine learning algorithms — ridge regression and LASSO — in the context of predicting house prices.,
Certified PRINCE2 Practitioner
Highly motivated individual with passion and willingness to uptake challenges. Strong analytical background with interest in data analytics. Meticulous, yet efficient and displays adaptability to able to work in fast paced environments. Demonstrates strong interpersonal skills.
Data science professional with two decades of digital and traditional media experience. Passionate about uncovering insights and stories behind new data. Have worked with and led teams in Singapore, China, Europe and the US.,
Information system undergraduate majoring in Marketing and Analytics, with 2 years of experience in data analytics. Great communication and interpersonal skills, self-discipline and a team player. Experienced with Search Engine Optimization, Google Analytics, and Google AdWords.,
Masters degree in the field of Analytics from RMIT University, I have experience as Data Analyst with exposure to Business Intelligence tools such as MS PowerBI and Tableau. Recent exposure to Salesforce administration and Salesforce Einstein provided with an opportunity to deliver smarter, personalized and more predictive customer experiences. Along with technical skills, I do have good communication skills (both verbal and written) .
Experienced Marketing Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the automotive industry. Skilled in Negotiation, Business Development, Marketing Strategy, and Cross-functional Team Leadership. Strong marketing professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Mechanical Engineering from Colegio de San Juan de Letran.
Enthusiastic about data,
A multi-skilled professional, prepared with almost 8 years of experience in actuarial analysis filed, to use my experience, knowledge, and competencies in professional organisation where I can effectively develop and leave my finger print.,
I am an outgoing and attentive student at the University of Sydney, always looking for new opportunities to extend and apply my learning. With a keen personal interest in data analytics and disruptive technologies, I am actively seeking ways to merge these interests with my academic core in finance and economic theory. I approach new challenges with an organised, yet eager curiosity to apply myself to any task that arises.,
Wan Theng is a graduate from Singapore Management University, double majoring in Marketing and Analytics and has a major interest in analytics, internet and technology.  Wan Theng is an inquisitive and hungry  learner and enjoys gaining new experiences and knowledge. This can be identified by the myriad of activities she has participated.   Ranging from attending new courses to gain new skills, taking on leadership positions in various initiatives and committees, volunteering for different causes and challenging herself through participating in hackathons.   Lastly, Wan Theng leads her life tightly to an advice given by her mentor - The tougher the challenge, the more you learn. Do not hesitate to take on challenges. In fact, embrace them. 
More than 10 years of various experience in Education, Science, and Engineering.  I am a data enthusiast with almost 2 years of ian work experience and I am able to work with unstructured data and deliver reports/presentations/insights. I am specialized in computer vision, machine learning, and statistical analysis. I am at the early stage of my data career and I am looking for an opportunity to apply and improve my skills in a stimulating and challenging environment.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Microsoft Word, Sametime, Management, SAS, and Computer Hardware Troubleshooting.,
Self-motivated data analyst with experience leading cross-functional teams, skilled in generating data-driven insight, business process improvement, data analysis and product management with Agile.
Interactive and  graduated from Universiti Sains Malaysia with Bachelor of Applied Mathematics ( Hons) , specializing in Applied Statistics. Seeking experience and growth in Data Analytics. Skilled in Data Analysis, Quantitative Research, Data Visualization, SQL, Excel and SPSS.    Open to explore new opportunities in analytics!  Feel free to email me at atiqahnurul952@gmail.com for business inquiries or casual conversations.
MCSA certified - SQL 2016 Database Developer,IBM DB2 Certified Developer, ITIL Certified Expert (SS,SD,SO,RCV,CSI,MALC) with 8+ years of experience in Data Mining, Text Mining, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, business intelligence and ETL tools
An experienced Data Analyst / Developer specializing in Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence with solid experience in ETL Solutions and Data Quality.
Results oriented analytical mind with 10 years of work experience always looking at the story behind the numbers. *Highly motivated with a can-do and problem-solving attitude .  *Experience reporting directly to Board of Directors.
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Statistics, Business Analysis, SQL, and Data Analysis. Strong information technology professional with a Master's degree focused in Statistics from National University of Singapore.
Specialist in guiding stakeholders create value with their data, an aspiring data scientist and an enthusiast in renewable energy
Aseef has experience as a Data Analyst at Deloitte, Sydney.   He firmly believes that knowledge in Mathematics and Probability are fundamental to succeeding in the Data Science, Actuarial and Quantitative Trading industries. His interests lie in the applications of Probability and Stochastic processes, Natural Language Processing and Statistical Modelling.  Apart from work and studies, Aseef spends a considerable amount of time running, exercising and maintaining a healthy alkaline diet. In the weekends he is usually at the beach, on exhaustive bush-walks or at the pub cheering on his favourite MMA fighter/boxer. He's also a faithful supporter of Arsenal F.C.  The next chapter of his journey is at Munich RE, Sydney. He is taking on the role of an Actuarial Data Analyst.
A business analytics post-graduate, experienced in analytical consulting activities across Food-tech, Retail and Ed-tech sectors. Career goal is to expand my knowledge/skills & collaborate with cross-functional teams as a data analyst to gather requirements enabling the data driven insights process. Analytical capabilities include market segmentation, research-cost analysis & portfolio/risk optimization. Software skills comprises of hands on experience in visualization tools for BI such as Tableau, Power BI, IBM Watson and advanced proficiency in MS Excel. Language expertise encompasses intermediate knowledge of R, Python and C++ language. Concrete problem-solving skills with a strong ability to convert business requirements into technical aspects. Driven & dedicated work ethics backed with solid communication & leadership skills.,
Experienced Teradata and Data Consultant with a demonstrated history of working and implementing Data warehousing and BI projects in the banking and retail industry. Skilled in Teradata, IBM DataStage, Oracle Database, SQL, Requirements Analysis, Data analysis, Exposure to Tableau, Alteryx, BMC Control-M, and Agile Methodologies. Strong consulting professional with a Bachelor's degree focused on Engineering from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, India.,
I've been doing forecasting and machine learning stuff. Let me know if you want to discuss ideas.,
Problem-solving with creative freedom has been one of the core parts of me on my journey. Post finishing my bachelor's in mechanical engineering I got an amazing opportunity to work with musigma as a trainee decision scientist where we were exposed to the concept of problem-solving while using technology, mathematics and business. At musigma, I explored the options to solve product and marketing based problems and how to provide support being an offshore team. I believe that tools are auxiliary to problem-solving while the importance of understanding the problem and the relevant data is much more primary had lead to me pursuing my masters from UNSW specialization in supply chain management and manufacturing. I decided to study the above to widen my understanding of various data and business techniques used in the area of supply chain analytics. While studying at UNSW I got an opportunity to work as an intern at Houzz ia. I got an opportunity to work on operational projects and lead the geographical analytics projects for all offices in the EMEA and APAC region. Once my internship finished I moved on to join hireup. Hireup has been a company where I worked on many roles as one would expect in a startup being a data analyst, marketing performance analyst, project manager, culture diversity ambassador and a support worker through my official role was as a data analyst. I have worked on problems related to exploring marketplace behaviour, setting up experimentation, validation of experiments with statistics, forecasting both in the area of marketing and finance and analyse product behaviours. Every project I have worked till now has been in a very different area and the challenge posed by them is what drives me.,
IT Technical Analyst Professional with Expertise in Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, Data Modelling, Data Analyst, Applications System, Reporting System, ERP System  and IT Administrative System.   With over 10 years experience in Information System and Software Development. Have extensive knowledge in Investment, Banking, Manufacturing, School, Publishing and Hotel system.  Specialties:  MS SQL Server, SSIS, ETL, T-SQL
I prioritise completing work, and thoroughly enjoy data related work. It is amazing how data, when properly analyzed and communicated, provides a scientific reasoning to business decisions.  Analytics related skills: Python, SQL, Tableau, Metabase, D3.js Development skills: ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js, Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  Tableau Desktop Specialist Certified
Over 10 years of professional work experience in the IT industry with demonstrated ability to work globally and cross-functionally across teams through effective relationship building, analytical thinking and communication, supported by data-driven decisions.,
September 4,Senior Analyst with 8+ years of IT experience within software development and data analytics steams. Experience in BI solution implementation, including planning and design, building ETL processes, data visualization, interpreting and analyzing data for driving business solutions. Holds a Masters degree in IT and is an Alteryx Certified professional.
SWS CONSULTANCY SERVICES PTE. LTD (www.consultsws.com) headquartered in Singapore.  Versatile and process-oriented professional with specialized skills in Data Analytics and Business Intelligence.  Services offered:   Data Visualization  Data Warehousing(Traditional & Modernized)  Predictive Modeling  Data analytics: R, Python DWH BI Tech stack: Tableau, Cognos, Power BI. SSRS ETL Tools: SSIS,Talend, Informatica Database Management Systems: Oracle, Teradata, NOSQL, mariaDB, Postgres MongoDB,MS SQL,MYSQL Cloud computing: AWS, Microsoft Azure   For queries drop us an email - sowmiya@consultsws.com
 ia,Strategic, analytic and industry-certified Professional with almost 5 years of combined proven expertise in Data Analyst and Database Management, Administration roles focused on Commercial Marketing  and Government Projects  working predominantly with medium and large-scale corporation take a lead in data preparation, visualizing the data to highlight the potential insights of the company growth and plays a key role with stakeholders in business decision making process.,
Highly motivated Business Intelligence Professional with experience in data warehousing, business analytics and report development. Proven history of utilising strong analytic skills, attention to detail and hard work ethics to turn complex requirements into working solutions. Demonstrated leadership abilities and team work skills to deliver projects successfully.
Data Scientist with 3 years of experience in  Machine Learning and Statistical Methods and overall work experience of 6 years with a Master's Degree in Business Analytics from NUS.  Highly skilled in Data Analysis and Data Visualization with an excellent grasp of business operations to translate numbers into actionable and profitable insights.,
Extensive experience as an ETL, BI and Database developer. Working with industry leading tools such as: * ETL tools – Microsoft SSIS, Informatica ETL, Pentaho, Ab Initio; * BI tools – Power BI, Tableau, Microsoft SSRS, QlikView, MS Excel; * DB -  Big Data, Apache Hadoop Impala, MS SQL Server 2012/2014, Oracle 11g
BSc. Statistics holder pursuing to become one of the best statistician and data analyst in the future.  I'm obsessed in analyzing and interpreting data which can help people have a better understanding on the data. Ready to blend and face any sort of working environment that allow to enhance my skills and improved my knowledge.Highly competencies in MS Excel, MS Office, VBA language, SPSS and SAS.
Hardworking and multi faceted Information Systems professional with strong technical, analytical and problem solving capabilities that have been utilized in designing,reporting,analysing and supporting many application to meet the organizational goals.Currently looking for challenging opportunities in the field of Data/ Insights Analysis to develop my career and implement new ideas to meet the organisation's expectation in the best possible way.
Solution-oriented and quality-focused Professional Engineer, with progressive experience in providing highly analytical solutions, comfortable in making critical decisions within fast-paced and deadline-oriented environments.  Results-driven professional with commercial experience in data analysis involving programming knowledge in data modelling (Python, VBA), database management and data governance (SSIS, SQL), and data visualization (Seaborn, Power BI, Tableau).  Experienced in using Software in Project Management and ERP systems (SAP, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Project) and advanced programming skills in Python, SQL and MATLAB
Proactive, results-driven Statistical Officer with over nine years’ broad extensive experience of assisting in the development and upgrading of analytical techniques. Able to play a key role in analysing problems and come up with creative solutions as well as producing methodologies and files for effective data management.   Seeking a suitable data analyst position with a dynamic organisation.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Spark, python, Data Analysis, Data Engineering, Java and Visual Basic for Applications (VBA). Strong research professional with a master of science focused in statistics from National University of Singapore.,
An analyst thingo who makes blue lines... sometimes green ones too.
Actively seeking job opportunities in Sydney, ia that are related to SAP ERP, specifically Sales & Distribution module. Has exposure to cross-module integration with other SAP modules and basic ABAP.  Previously worked for 2.5 years in Accenture Philippines as a SAP Sales & Distribution Analyst for a global beauty and cosmetics brand company. Knows Python, Tableau and SQL.,
Working as a Data Scientist and Senior Analyst within the Trading department for the number 1 exporter of grain from ia, CBH Group.  Using Machine Learning and Quantitative techniques to bring more than 10 years of experience  in Trading and Analysis to the field of Data Science.  I have found I have hit the ground running with strong history of problem solving and data analysis.  Building Models from the ground up sourcing data, building databases, training models and creating production ready dashboards.  Previous trading experience as Junior Portfolio manager of a $1Bn Global Macro hedge fund and more recently as FX and Commodity Trader.  Knowledge of trading and analysis of all asset classes.  Also worked for UBS Investment Bank in London consulting on Derivative and Regulatory Reporting within the finance department and assisting change management as the UBS London Branch became an entity in its own right separating for regulatory purposes from UBS Group.  Responsible for the BOE and ECB interbank exposure reporting.  KEY PERSONAL SKILLS • Analysis and problem solving; Machine Learning, Data Collection, Analysis, Project management, Design and implementation of new workflows • Economic, Fundamental, Quantitative and Technical analysis of all asset classes • Financial Services (Trading, Portfolio Management, Compliance, Risk Management
Manikanta Raju is a Data Scientist who believes in the power of finding and telling stories through Data. He sees himself as a craftsman using data and Artificial Intelligence as a craft to serve people by building great Data Science Teams and scalable products.  Manikanta is known for his result oriented approach with a focus on efficient implementation and customer centricity. He has capabilities of understanding the needs of the business, its strategic direction within no time and identifying initiatives that will allow a business to meet those strategic goals.  He possess versatile knowledge & experience on various Machine Learning techniques like Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Naive Bayes Classifiers, Multi-Class Classifications, Regularization Techniques like Lasso and Ridge, Boosting Algorithms, Clustering, Apriori, Model Validation
Data Analyst with a great passion for data science Skilled in Python, R, SQL, Data Visualisation and Medical Research.
I'm an ambitious geoscience graduate that strives to learn, adapt and work collaboratively.  My experiences to date illustrate my passion for petroleum geoscience, which include being part of exploration and development projects. Along the way I’ve utilized diverse datasets, geological E&P skillsets and collaborated with talented mentors.,
A proactive, independent and self motivated individual with strong interpersonal skills looking for an opportunity to work in field of data analysis in a challenging work environment which can utilize my skills, maximize my abilities and practice what I have learned in my studies. I am eager to learn and excited to begin my career in this dynamic industry.  During my three years of study,  I equipped myself with computer skills in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and basic software skills such that IBM SPSS Statistics, Matlab, SAS Programming, SAS E-Miner, C++, Oracle RDBMS and SQL. Above all else, I am willing to learn.
Building storyboards from complex numbers by doing data visualization into  simple and easily understandable dashboards.
August 15,Business data and quality assurance analyst with 3+ years' experience evaluating processes and methods, proposing modifications and developing system plans and documentation. Strong background in as is and to be, gathering business requirements, quality assurance,data extraction and analysis.Experience across Waterfall , Agile -Scrum project methodologies in banking,insurance and healthcare domains.
Product Management , Project Management , IT Architecture , Systems Implementation , Advanced Data Analysis,
Andrew has expertise in the areas of machine learning, statistics, cloud computing and AI.
North Sydney Shoppingworld, New South Wales, ia,Data Scientist with a passion for analytics. Global business experience in India and ia with small business and large enterprises in Human Resources, Accounting, and Corporate Consulting.  Business Analyst experience with skills in Agile and SCRUM for teams performing requirements gathering, functional specifications, software documentation, process flows, and UAT for business applications.   ★ Seeking global positions with focus in machine learning and deep learning.   Former Teaching Assistant at University of Melbourne. Provided technical guidance for data analytics projects in corporate governance using R, PostgreSQL, Git and SourceTree. Complete self-directed data science courses in Python and machine learning.  EDUCATION Master’s in Business Administration in Information Technology from University of Melbourne.  TECHNICAL SKILLS ■ Coding skills using Java EE
Worked as a Data scientist Intern at HOOQ TV , SingTel  and involved in various data driven decision making processes regarding customer journey and touchpoints using various analytical techniques and visualization with in the On demand video streaming industry.  Masters in Enterprise Business Analytics from National University of, my interest areas include Advanced Business Analytics, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Time Series forecasting, CRM, Campaign Management, Supply chain Management , Data Visualization and Decision Optimization.   I've professional experience of over 3.5 years in Process Automation, Business Analytics   Project development and management, Customer management and quality assurance.,
I’m a business-focused data analytics specialist and ETL/BI/DW developer with fifteen years of professional experience. I specialise in business analysis, data strategy, business process mapping, data quality, data deduplication, data migration, analytics reporting, and visualisation.  I have supported multiple industries including telecommunications, energy utilities, oil and gas, manufacturing, public services, real estate
Valerie is a fast learner and a self-starter who is results-oriented and have strong analytical skills.   The process of translating raw data into actionable insights and finding relationships between seemingly disparate things excites her. She spearheaded the first machine learning clustering model for a Ministry which helped to inform strategising of communications effort and engagement. She also automated analysts' routine workflow and significantly reduced the time spent on data wrangling that is equivalent to one headcount per year, which clinched the Innovation Award in a ministry-wide competition as it displayed innovation and impact.   She is enthusiastic about gaining new insights and believes she can leverage on her formal training in behavioural science to construct the architecture behind Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning. Hence, in her spare time, she enjoys diving deeper in this domain. She believes the synergy between data science and behavioural science can deepen businesses’ behavioural understanding of their clients, and translate it to business growth and profitability. She is also expanding her knowledge of cloud technologies to unlock greater value of data for businesses.  Outside of programming, she enjoys hiking as she finds it fulfilling to push beyond her physical limits. This spirit of perseverance enables her to deal with the complexity of her work.
A highly driven, self-motivated and versatile individual, passionate about the fields of finance and technology. Constantly seeking opportunities to fail, learn, improve and repeat.
Seeking a challenging career with a progressive organization that provides an opportunity to capitalize on my technical skills & abilities in the field of Electronic-Computer and Information Engineering.,
Working on Data Analytics in Lazada specialising in understanding business needs and making the business more data centric.   Senior Associate in express logistics with a strong focus on operations, reporting and data analytics. Worked on launching same-day deliveries in South East Asia (SEA).   Over 3 years of experience in researching and launching travel, car, health and life insurance products across 6 countries in SEA. Proficient in programming, mathematics and statistics.,
I graduated in May 2016 with a Bachelor degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from NTU (cumulative GPA 4.4/5). With a passion for data analytics, I have pursued a 1-year Master of Science in Business Analytics in NUS (cumulative GPA 4.4/5), which graduated in Sep 2017.  With my passion for data analytics, I had studied in Statistics, Data Management and Warehousing, Deterministic Operations Research Models, Hands-on with Business Analytics, Marketing Analytics, and Analytics in Managerial Economics modules. Through many class projects and internship experience, I have mined and analyzed many large datasets to draw valid insights and inferences via different kinds of statistical data models from linear regression to deep learning method. I have also trained and applied different analytics tools such as SQLite3, R, Python, and Tableau to process data manipulation, analytics
Software developer with a wide range of experience having worked in development and project management roles. Adept at stakeholder management and passionate about data. Currently working as a Data Analyst at DBS in Singapore.,
Experienced Python/SQL developer, aspiring data engineer/software engineer www.gitlab.com/christerng www.leetcode.com/christerng
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Operations Research, Data Mining, Azure Services, Machine Learning. Strong information technology professional with pursuing Master Degree focused in Enterprise Management Business Analytics from National University of Singapore.
Reliable and Energetic Data Analyst with 3 plus years of experience interpreting and analyzing data in order to drive successful business solutions. Which includes Power BI, MSSQL, SAAS experience. Proficient knowledge in mathematics and analytics. Excellent understanding of business operations and analytic tools for effective analyses of data. Advanced user of MS Office Suite – Excel, Outlook, Word & PowerPoint. I am very Adaptable, responsible, reliable, honest, attentive to details, multi-tasking and, hardworking person with Strong Communication Skills (Written & Verbal) and Inter-Personal Skills.
Despite only being a Year 2 undergraduate, I have about 1 year of Data Analytics Experience, specifically in the domain of tech and finance. I am someone who loves challenges and constantly seek to find difficult problems to solve.,
A motivated and enthusiastic IT professional with a bachelor of IT and a Master of Business Analytics seeking a position in the area of Analytics. Skilled in Excel, SQL, R, Python, Tableau and Power BI and recently completed an internship at Allianz insurance. Able to use my analytical, time management and strong communication skills to achieve the business targets.  Machine Learning:	R, Python, SciPy, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, SAS Enterprise Miner Visualisation:	        Power BI
Data Analyst/Scientist at Cisco with a broad skillset.  Including programming(python primarily),  SQL, visualisation, automated dashboards (tableau, powerBi), financial forecasting, value cases, project lifecycle (from business case to actuation), general business cases, customer and business insights aswell as presentations to non technical audiences, version control management, ad-hoc request management and international correspondence.  Computer Science and Technology degree completed at The University of Sydney with a distinction WAM.  Passions lying in areas of environmental sustainability and equality, inclusive of humanitarian
kindly visit my portfolio website >> https://www.dymasius.com/ (available below)  I am a third-year student in Engineering Science Degree with Computer Engineering Science as a specialization. My 2nd major is Innovation Design program which focuses on design thinking and solving a real-life problem. I am also in pursuit for my business minor during this year 3.  My focus currently is about Artificial Intelligence. I am planning to make a start-up company in the future about AI. Therefore, I need hands-on knowledge in business and artificial intelligence. To answer the need, currently, I am running a small business about Indonesian snack which I nurtured from with the purpose of getting exposure to the business world.  I have two life lesson that I hold dear: Firstly, understanding oneself to minute detail is very important to achieve a successful life. including one's potentials and setbacks. Secondly, persistence and vision are important in one's journey of pursuing his dream. As someone has taught me  Pursuing dream is like an ant wants to go from point A to point B in a straight line. Although it planned for a straight path, when a path is blocked, the ant tries to find a way to go around the problem and continue his journey. From this, I learned that one must not quit and be persistent to catch his dream. Though, understanding one's dream is an equally important ability in one's pursuit.
Being part of Gametize's Business and Data Team, I am experienced in collaborating with multiple MNC’s, successfully delivered and executed projects for clients.  I lead Gametize’s Channel Partners program initiative and jointly manages a myriad of projects with various partners globally.  I spearhead internal data initiatives by providing core business and project insights using technologies such as Firebase Analytics, Google Analytics, and more. By utilizing various Python libraries such as Pandas, Numpy, Sklearn & Keras, I am able to make effective decisions and predict probable outcomes.
Data munging, visualisation and  analysis on SQL, Tableau and Python.,
Highly analytical and process-oriented data analyst with ability to translate problems into mathematical models. Possessing a master’s degree in Mathematics with a strong interest in data science and programming. Experienced at performing data analysis and building machine learning model to deliver insight to the business problem.
Software and data science professional with over 4 years of industry experience across government., healthcare, and marketing. Key skills include data mining, machine learning, object-oriented programming, information retrieval & management, human-centered design thinking with a keen eye for statistic analysis and data visualization. Worked in cross-functional, multi-cultural teams.
Business professional skilled in managing and integrating data to support various business and financial objectives •	Experienced in using database management tools, maintaining data integration and developing reporting systems •	Skilled in repositioning organisations to achieve operational and service excellence through planning, prioritisation •	Proven ability to communicate solution strategy and product offerings with demonstrated aptitude to analyse and translate complex business problems, design and implement innovative solutions •	Sound competency in data visualisation, reporting and storytelling by dashboard design and development using Microsoft Power BI •	Advanced skills in ETL and data cleansing
Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python, R, Machine Learning, and Data Analysis. Enthusiastic about learning new skills and expanding my skill set. My interests include data analytics and getting meaningful insights from data.
Data Analyst in the retail industry, with a passion for data science and business analytics.  Graduated with first-class honours for Bachelor of Science (BSc) in Econometrics and Mathematical Economics from The London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE).
Data analyst with more than a year's experience working in E-Commerce. Proficient in data visualization and business analysis across multiple verticals, with depth in logistics and operations.
I am a student well-versed in mathematics and programming. Interested to work on the field related with Data Science, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning.  Grew up in bilingual schools in Indonesia and I find myself capable of using English in various situations. I hope that I could further deepen my knowledge and hence, try to become more beneficial to societies.  Kaggle : https://www.kaggle.com/yohalf  Github : https://github.com/YAPhoa  Stack Exchange : https://datascience.stackexchange.com/users/84626/yohanes-alfredo
Analytical and results-driven senior consultant excited to solve challenges at the intersection of data, business and people.  Hands-on work experience in data transformation, process improvement and project management in the U.S. and Singapore.  Passionate practitioner and learner of SQL, Tableau, RPA, Agile with relentless curiosity in new knowledge domains.
Experienced  Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in data analysis. Skilled in Data Cleaning, statistical Data analysis, A/B testing, machine learning, Tableau,excel, Python  and SQL for  insights. Based in  Sydney.,
Experienced Software Engineer with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology (automation)and services industry. Skilled in Java, python,Machine learning along with business management.,
https://public.tableau.com/profile/venetia.ho#!/  Venetia has extensive understanding in different business functions from her experience in various departments ranging from Operations, Marketing, Merchandising and Analytics.  As a problem solver with analytical skill, Venetia is proficient in SQL, R, Python and Tableau. She strives to be data driven, turning statistics and trends into actionable insights. She also enjoys meeting people, bouncing ideas with cross-team members and being part of a diverse workplace.,
Zhen Yu is a results-oriented data science practitioner experienced in delivering data-driven solutions to solve business problems. He believes in first taking steps to reduce complex domain-related problems and subsequently collaborating with stakeholders to work towards a fruitful outcome.   His core technical skills revolves around Python, R, SQL and MATLAB, with a keen interest to continuously learn new technologies applied to the field of data science.  Outside of work, he enjoys learning about finance and investments.,
I graduated Magna Cum Laude from Duquesne University in May 2019, earning a bachelor's degree in Economics and Finance. I am passionate about global markets and data, and work full-time as a Data Analyst at Canopy, a financial technology startup offering account aggregation, portfolio analytics, and client reporting solutions. I am also passionate about aviation, and am open to opportunities in revenue management, network development or other corporate departments. Some other areas of interest include retail, hospitality, technology, architecture and film.,
Currently Data Analyst intern in the Data&Innovation team in AXA Singapore, in charge of data-driven projects for the Finance Operations team.
An aspiring data scientist with academic working experience building robust and scalable machine learning models and executing data driven solutions to deliver actionable insights. Experienced in building prediction models using traditional statistical techniques, machine learning algorithms.   Highly analytical individual and fascinated in mathematics and programming. Result oriented professional with strong aptitude for learning and having Post Graduate degree in Data Science and Engineering.   Programming:  Python, SQL, Action scripts, C++, HTML 5, .Net
Innovative and self-driven analytics professional with 3+ years of experience and recognized abilities in ETL process, Detail-Oriented analysis, Data Modelling and Data Management. Acquired competency in the domains of Business Development, Vendor Management, Pricing Analysis, People Analytics, and Smart Cities’ solutioning. Highly qualified in managing as well as collaborating with diverse vendors, clients, technologies, and internal teams. Committed to continuous learning and in bringing positive changes to the organization, team, and people.
I turn real-world messy data into compelling business recommendations.,
Dinesh Kumar Agarwal is a Graduate student at the NUS Business school currently working as a data analyst at ST Electronics Infosoftware systems. With prior experience as a Data Engineer at TCS, he is passionate about working on impactful, innovative technologies with an emphasis on Data warehousing and Business Intelligence. He is proficient in Oracle SQL 11G, Informatica Power center 9.1, Teradata, SAP Business Objects and Google Bigquery. Originally from Nagapattinam, India, he obtained his B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from SRM University. During his leisure, Dinesh enjoys playing online multiplayer strategy games, cooking and motorbiking.
Completed Masters Degree in Data Science and seeking opportunities that offer me the avenue to develop new skills which strengthening those I already possess. •	Over 3 years of experience in the field of Data and Business analyst. •	Experience in the industry as programmer analyst using Python, SQL, PL/SQL, R and Tableau to design, develop and enhance system operation metric. •	Good experience in Big Data and related Hadoop technologies. •	Exposure to NoSQL databases HBase and Cassandra. •	Proficiency in multiple databases like MongoDB,  MySQL and MS SQL Server. •	Expert in Tableau Desktop, Tableau Reader and Tableau Server and Experienced in analysis, modelling, design, and development of Tableau reports and dashboards for analytics.
I am passionate about the technology space and I enjoy turning data into insights. Proficient in SQL, Python, AWS, Git, Excel and some experience working with BigQuery and Google Data Studio  Capable of:  • Providing meaningful and actionable insights through manipulation and analysing large datasets • Data extraction, data processing and data visualisation • Analyse product related features   - Independent and fast learner, picking up new skills when necessary - Good team player that can adapt to different working environments
With more than 2 years of experience in the tech industry, Rais specialises in analytics to help business executives make data-driven decisions.
Procurement analyst with diverse experience across health, government, infrastructure, manufacturing, FMCG and mining sectors. I have an inquisitive mindset and enjoy being part of business/process improvement projects.,
Experienced Business Data Analyst with an exceptional record of delivering cost effective, high-performance technology solutions to meet challenging business demands and extensive qualifications in all facets of information systems methodology. Has more than 7 years of experience in implementing Mainpac EAM projects in multi-vendor environments.  Successfully delivered technical and functional tasks and worked for a wide range of industries include mining, energy resources (oil & gas), utilities, and manufacturing (including wholesale & pharmaceutical company) in both private and public-sector/government organisations.,
July 9,Looking for entry level/mid-level Data Analyst/Business Analyst opportunities with over 2 years of experience as a Data Analyst analyzing business operations and over 3 years in Marketing Analyst. Aiming to utilize my strong prioritization skills and analytical ability to achieve goals. My multi-industry experience includes data analytics, business analytics, pricing analytics, sales and marketing for international aviation, Information & Technology, hospitality and travel.,
An accomplished, motivated and solutions-driven Business Analyst with knowledge in the development, documentation and delivery of process innovations to attain business goals. Managed complex IT projects across multiple domains such as Telecommunication, Mobile Network, Electronics and Health Care. Demonstrated excellent customer service, ability to manage high pressure situations with distinctive problem solving skills in Agile and Waterfall model projects.
I thrive building creative systems to help decision making in complex environments. For me, excelling means constantly learning and re-defining the horizons of what is possible. My greatest strengths lie in my flexibility, analytical thinking and ability to lead groups.   My passion lies at the intersection of mathematics, statistics, financial markets and cutting-edge technologies.   Interested in quantitative, and global macro trading strategies, as well as data science and machine learning / artificial intelligence.   Proficient in Python, SQL and VB.Net.,
Enthusiastic, proactive, quickly adaptable, focused, conscientious, having over 11 years' experience in ICT as a BI Data Analytical professional with best data techniques and good interpersonal skills. Good exposure in End-End project delivery and management experience on a variety of projects by using Agile Methodologies. Providing technical support to end-users has potentially added value in my knowledge to hit the ground running and to provide effective solutions to business owners. Strong information technology professional with proficient in data analysis, data modelling, data quality, developing visualisation reports and I really enjoy all phases of data processes.  Demonstrated history of working in Telecommunications, Insurance, Banking, Health and utilities domain.   Core Competency:-  ETL Tools :  DataStage, SSIS
I am a passionate and motivated Wind Engineer, specialised in the design, modelling, and management of wind farms and wind turbines. I currently work as a Loads and Simulation Engineer, focused on offshore foundation design for wind turbines. I have also worked in offshore wind farm construction, aerospace drone research, and in the airborne wind industry. I am highly proficient in Matlab and Python, programs that I used for a wide variety of modelling and optimisation purposes.   I am an organised, self-directed, and creative team member; competencies I have developed through my work experience in multidisciplinary and international environments. I am used to highly dynamic roles where job requirements are continually shifting and new challenges arise frequently. Further, I have excellent written and verbal communication skills in English and Spanish, and I am experienced in describing highly technical information to non-experts.  As an MSc in Wind Energy and Aerospace Engineer
I am a skilled Junior Project Manager with 5 years’ experience at the Headquarters of prestigious UK Supermarket Waitrose. I have experience with multi-million-pound store refurbishments and estate-wide project rollouts within Waitrose. I have worked on projects from inception to completion, alongside architects, store planners and designers. Well organised, tech-savvy and strategy-driven, I take a pragmatic approach to assignments following the Prince2 principles.   I am experienced performing data analysis on projects throughout the duration of their trials, providing recommendations to senior stakeholders.  I have assisted in the creation of several propositions within the Innovation Team, my proudest achievement being the removal of single-use coffee cups, saving 52 million non-recyclable coffee cups per year. Other projects I´ve assisted on include: Plastic-free supermarket, Seasonal Fruit Veg, Fresh herb fixtures, development of new a Cheese & Deli counter proposition and multiple Branch regenerations.   I left my position at Waitrose to support my families business during a period of change.  Since then I have been travelling Southeast Asia & ia. After working on projects that focused on how our use of plastic damages our planet, I was prompted to explore the world a little more. However
A self-motivated & result oriented professional with excellent Analytical, Communication, Leadership, Team management & Negotiation skills. He is always ready to face challenges and have the right attitude towards work and believe that it is more important to have the right attitude than required skills, as skills can be acquired if someone has an attitude.  He has experienced in the BFSI domain particularly General Insurance and also has a Licentiate certification from the Insurance Institute of India.   He is always enthusiastic to learn new skills, help others, and share his knowledge. He loves to read books related to Personal Finance, Self Development, and Autobiographies. He is also quite active on LinkedIn to learn & help others by writing posts and articles. He also love to train and teach people.  He has recently completed PG Diploma in Data Science from IIIT Bangalore through Upgrad platform and have acquired the following skills :   Language: R, SQL (Window Functions, Subqueries, Aggregation, and other functions), Python OLAP operations and CRISP-DM Framework Visualization: Tableau
Hello!   I have been always curious person. As a small girl I could spent hours by resolving riddles for kids and reading detective books. I am not a little girl anymore, but not everything changed. I still love good detective story, but riddles are not for kids anymore. They come as part of my job now.  I have naturally landed in analytical field, started as account analyst and moved towards more technical analyses which I happened to enjoy more.   I am PMP certified business analyst working on IFRS9 project implementation at Standard Chartered Bank based in Singapore, SE Asia.   For ongoing 2 and half years, I have been engaged with implementing the credit risk requirements into bank`s built data warehouse - EDM.  Specialities: Analyses and problem solving -using tools such as teradata SQL assistant, Puty and DBS visualizer, excel  -business analyses including knowledge of retail and CIC bank porfolios, IFRS9 requiremets -technical analyses including HADOOP, TERADATA, SAS architecture knowledge  Communication skills  - I have been using effective communication skills while managing project streams delivery with help of tools such as meetings, conference calls and personal meetups and escalation practices.  I gained 5 years of experiences as accounting and financial analyst in a multi-national environment of IBM in Slovakia, Europe.   I love to work with people, since the best way how to learn something new and also to make new friends.  I keen on analytics and logic solution to get a whole picture at the hand. I possess with analytical
I am always eager to work in an environment which provides the opportunity to challenge yourself and come up with new and innovative and relevant ideas for the ever-changing dynamic business scenarios. Ever ready to take up new responsibilities and challenges. One to look forward to take up the hard decision and own up to them.  Specialties: Understanding Technical Issues and Solving them Presenting and Documenting Technical material to bring them down to the level of audience.,
Experienced Business Intelligence Professional,
Experienced Analyst and surveyor with a demonstrated history of working in the transportation/financial services/government agency. Skilled in MS Office, Advanced MS Excel , Oracle 11g and Oracle 12c, MySQL, MYOB  and XERO Accounting Software. Strong knowledge of retrieving data, manipulation and analyzing data using SQL and  MS Excel formulas.,
Malaysia,Good in planning, negotiation and data analysing. Continuously seeking new opportunities to stay relevant in banking industries.,
I'm an enthusiastic, highly motivated and industrious male, who is SEEKING TO EXPLORE NEW CAREER OPPORTUNITIES that allows creative thinking and analysis, and at the same time maximizing one's potential.
CERTIFIED SAS BASE PROGRAMMER FOR SAS 9 with 92% •	CERTIFIED SAS ADVANCE PROGRAMMER FOR SAS 9 with 85%       •	Technically proficient in SAS Enterprise Guide, Base SAS, SAS/ Macros, SAS/SQL and SQL Server •	Hands-on experience in handling large/complex data source files for all portfolios including data extraction,  manipulations, cleaning, sorting and merging •	Comprehensive Experience in handling SAS datasets and programs in Windows and UNIX environment •	Rich Experience in developing new or modifying existing SAS programs to load data from the source and create study specific datasets, which are used as source datasets for generating monthly financial reports •	Proficient in Microsoft office tools: MS-Excel, MS-Access Database, MS-Word, MS-PowerPoint •	Extensive experience on Data Analysis, Data Exploration, Data Visualization
I strongly believe in the power of marketing in the e-commerce landscape and am willing to continually test and innovate in marketing efforts, even if it means failing.   I am also a pretty fun and approachable person. I am passionate in music, art, animals, and marketing. Feel free to message me if you have any questions!,
Trying to do something that matters, if it is with numbers even better!
I'm a dynamic and goal-driven professional passionate about last tech trends, thriving in fast-paced, multinational environments.,
Enthusiastic Business analyst and dedicated employee with high integrity, strong work ethic and great leadership skills. Over 4 years of experience building revenues, improving processes and driving business growth through up and down markets. Proven success utilizing and improving financial models for trend- tracking. I have ability to build and lead teams of talented professionals to develop valuable process solutions to meet business objectives. I am result driven analyst with previous track of bringing business effectiveness on data findings & business strategies.,
February 23,As per the SFIA Framework (The Skills Framework for Information Age), which is a standard across ICT and Software Industry for describing and managing skills and competencies for professionals, I possess the following skills: •	Requirements definition and management – Level 3 •	Business Analysis - Level 4 •	Testing – Level 3 •	Data Management - Level 3 •	Data Visualisation - Level 4 •	Knowledge Management - Level 3 •	Customer Service Support - Level 3 •	Research - Level 3 As a Systems Analyst, I have experience in gathering business and technical requirements and translating them into business and technical requirement documents and wireframes and developing reports for over 1.5 years.  Skilled in creating dashboards and reports using PowerBI and Tableau, administering reporting system in Oracle Hyperion, working with subject matter experts, conducting functional testing and UAT testing and Stakeholder Management.  In depth knowledge of data visualisation tools like PowerBI, Tableau, Oracle Hyperion, PeopleSoft, Power Query, DAX and SQL. Ability to work as an individual contributor as well as in collaboration in a team environment. A self-motivated, organised individual with good work ethics and capable of working in fast paced environment. A versatile professional with master’s degree in Business Information Systems from University of Sydney.
Aspiring Data Analyst/ Data Scientist,
have more than 6 years of experience in Business Intelligence and Financial Data Analysis at Itaú bank, one of the biggest 25th banks in the world and the biggest in Latin America. During this time I have employed different techniques in data mining, crossing data, management of databases and dashboards and reports creation. In order to succeed in my duties, I made use of different tools, such as SAS, SQL, Visual Basic, Tableau, Microsoft Office (including Excel and Access VBA Programming), Hadoop, Teradata, C++ and others.  In addition
Data Science graduate adept at collecting, analysing, authenticating, and modelling data set to provide valuable insights. Competent in using statistical analysis to conduct market research and pinpoint patterns and trends. Proficient in analytical languages -Python,SQL,R, Rapidminer  Business Intelligence/visualization applications: Power BI, Tableau 10.2,Excel Happy to relocate within ia   I am firm believer -“Champions keep playing until they get it right.” – Billie Jean King,
Early Bitcoin Investor, Blockchain Evangelist and ICO Advisor.  I'm Passionate about improving the way our world runs - I'm interested in harnessing the true value of information using analytics and data science techniques to increase efficiency and make more intelligent business decisions.
It was during my job with a leading consulting firm, that my fascination with data began. The world of data first amazed me 3 years back and continues to do so. The whole process of gathering data, exploring it and then deriving conclusions made me dive deeper into this field. For me, the excitement in the data domain is in the journey towards achieving significant results and insights.   While being a data enthusiast continuously challenges my analytical side, I let my creative juices flow by engaging in front end development and creating responsive interfaces.  HERE'S HOW I ADD VALUE: • 3.7 years of rich experience in data extraction from large data sets using complex SQL queries and scripting languages like Python. • Building automated visual reports which provide insights using various visualization tools like Tableau and Power BI. • Analyzing reports to make strategically sound decisions. • Creating interactive web interfaces using HTML 5, CSS and Javascript.  ROLES THAT MATCH MY EXPERTISE INCLUDE: • Data Analyst, Senior Data Analyst,  Data Scientist, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Engineer, Business Analyst, Front End Developer.  HOW TO CONTACT ME: You can connect with me via LinkedIn or email me at vatsalamadhukar@gmail.com.
Passionate about: Data; Science; and Everything nice.    Life Science/Data Science graduate who always had a knack and interest for anything data. A Data Science initiate armed with machine learning techniques and python looking to gain experience in the field. I have experience with SQL and data analysis. An advocate of data driven decisions and evidence based solutions.,
Keen on applying machine learning to discover patterns to deliver optimised business solutions.  Alternative prior experience in: HR ( 9 months) handling back end work for awards presentation, reports administration and submission  In my free time I pursue solo-travelling , dancing and photography as hobbies.,
A data enthusiast fresh out from NTU Chemical Engineering/Marketing.  I like start-ups, so I spent my university days interning at Xfers (SG), Fave (KL), Kuprion (Silicon Valley) and LTA (SG) before I ended up at Moka/Gojek as a Data Analyst.   I like learning things, so I took up quite a few courses on data science, did a couple machine learning / deep learning projects and wrote a few blog posts on Analytics Vidhya. My main focus now is to gain a fundamental understanding of data and statistics as I pursue the MITx Micromasters in Statistics and Data Science.  I like building things, so I went to Silicon Valley to learn what it takes to build a business, and then went on to build an emotion detector, a transportation mode sensor and a smart trash bin (yes, a trash bin).   And I like meeting new people, so let's connect and learn from one another 🙂,
I am passionate about unleashing the predictive potential of data analysis to drive improved business performance and continuous improvements in organizations. Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in ERP Consulting. Skilled in Tableau, Data Visualization Data analytics and Storytelling.,
I am a graduate student at University of Technology Sydney, focusing on data analytics and software development. I have a good command in SQL, Python, R, and SAS Studio.  During the completion of my study, I have accumulated sufficient experiences of business data analysis and web development through work experiences and side projects. I have worked as Data Analyst intern at UTS, Web Developer intern at Rugby ia and Salesforce Business Analyst. I am looking for exciting opportunities as a junior data analyst or web developer.
Data Analyst with a strong working knowledge of specialised techniques and tools to gather information and organise data. Provide insightful interpretation of data to support decision making and resolve complex business problems.  Strong focus on delivering and implementing on Azure cloud solutions using Blob Storage, Azure Data Factory, Cosmos DB and Databricks
A detail-oriented and talented individual with 3 years of data analytical experience in MNC and SME. Proven ability of using analytical and problem-solving skills in a fast-paced environment with exceptional academic qualifications in Data Science and Business. Team player and have great initiatives to take on responsibilities.,
Coming from a multidisciplinary background in education, training and communication supplemented by a technical academic interest, I am familiar in the systematic approach to data analysis and solving problems with a understanding of the limitations of what it means for knowledge and decision-making.,
I am graduated from Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Actuarial Science. Have proficient knowledge in statistics, mathematics, and analytics.  Now working as a Data Analyst with 1+ years of experience in data management and statistical analysis. Experienced in data processing (ETL) and build data visualization dashboard for tracking trend and analysis. And also experienced in building Linear Regression Model for sales prediction. In addition, I have excellent understanding of business operations and analytics tools for effective analyses of data.  I always open to new challenges for self-development and looking for great opportunities in learning&strengthen the skills with data analytic tools(eg: Tableau, Power BI, SQL, R and Python).  At the meantime, I attained some Data Science/Business Intelligence certifications covering areas such as Tableau, Power BI, SQL, Python, R
I was hired by one of the top pharmaceutical companies in the world after my bachelors in biomedical engineering. Being a graduate from technology and working in pharmaceutical industry has broadened my exposure to the corporate world as well as life sciences industry. My mail role in the firm analyzing metrics and providing a refined data for a better understanding and representation of the product performance targeted at each region specifically. I had worked and implemented different strategies on different markets and had been successful in implementing the same. I had achieved the best graduate trainee award for implementing modules in the international west region (South America). Performing qualitative and quantitative analysis on the drugs targeted at each region and meeting the business and commercial requirements of every strategy proposed had been a challenge at work place. Talking to the technical team to meet the client requirements so that the business demands are met is a part of my job role. No two clients are the same, the requirements differ from client to client. Prioritizing the client requirements and escalating the important technical difficulties the clients are facing in day to day functions has been part of my job role. Collaborating the technical team with clients and translating the client requirements to technical team so that clients can have an uninterrupted deliverability is day to day challenge taken up by me.   Expanding my job role aggressively, I was also given a responsibility to analyze and quantitate the team efforts on each module implemented. This gave the managers a clear view of the deliverability of the team. My scope is not restricted to one unit of the firm, I had broadened my contribution to different units of the team from technical team to managerial level. SkillSet: MSExcel, Robotic Process Automation, Salesforce.com, SQL, Java, C,C++, Snaplogic,
Looking for new opportunities
An ambitious professional experienced in the creation of data visualisations and dashboards, and the delivery  of useful insights to drive business decisions.
Analyst at Maybank Berhad for the Group Model Validation department. My work consists of validating credit risk models using statistical methods.   Before joining Maybank, I was a data science trainee for the data analyst track with The Center for Applied Data Science.   My interest is in machine learning and computer vision. Aspired to apply machine learning to biological problems especially cytogenetics and protein folding, through bioinformatics.  Programming languages include; C, Python, R, and JavaScript. Familiar with data science and machine learning pipelines.
Hi, I'm an experienced Data Analyst with a passion for Augmented Reality and Data Visualization. Skilled in R, Javascript and Python, with an ability to produce formal research, along with engaging data products.,
A junior data analyst who likes dabbling in technology and finance data. Adaptable and ready to go where the business needs me.,
I am a good learner who always wanted to explore multiple techniques in the field.,
A result orientated Master of Data science Graduate adept at analysing business requirements, understanding data and developing thoughtful questions. A curious person with a strong understanding of statistical learning in order to derive insightful answers, looking for a challenging role where I am able to utilise and expand my university knowledge to help meet organisational objectives.
I am an MBA, with 4+ years of analytical and Data Analyst experience across industries- from large-cap companies to high-growth startups. Expertise in developing creative dashboards using Tableau, requirement gathering, analyzing complex data in Excel, SQL, writing SQL queries, SQL scripting of ETL, data mapping, data visualization, data extraction,  helping stakeholders and clients in making data-driven decisions.  I’m really good at Understanding stakeholder requirement, Qualitative and quantitative research – everything from harvesting data, knowing where to look, to explaining and building a persuasive case to show the value
I'm a postgraduate qualified data analyst with a specialisation in GIS. I have a passion for deriving data insights from an integration of statistical and spatial analytical techniques, to solve business problems.   I have extensive experience analysing large and complex datasets to solve business problems, with 14+ years working for Halliburton in technical data driven roles. Data was managed in a custom database management system similar to Oracle/Microsoft SQL server. The data was explored, visualised, analysed and modelled the system’s studio tools.   Following a successful career in the petroleum industry, I returned to university to continue my journey into analytics. During this time I gained a new range of analytical and technical skills, including a sound knowledge of the statistical packages SAS, R and SQL, and GIS software ArcGIS desktop & online, QGIS and Carto.  While participating in Activator programs to develop entrepreneurial skills, I consolidated my abilities to explore a problem, the process of ideation
Reporting Analyst with  4 years of Commercial experience across Multi-national Industries in various sectors predominantly in Banking, Media and Telecommunications. Highly competent in providing Insights on Business KPIs using Business Intelligence tools. Looking for a new opportunity to explore advancements in the field of Analytics to introduce new capabilities and deliver efficient and cost-effective decisions for ongoing business requirements,
I am currently working in a data analysis stream using SAS & SuperCross at National Centre for Vocational Education Research (NCVER), Adelaide (ia) which is adding to work ethic, adaptability, professionalism and leadership abilities. I am a motivated, results-driven data analyst with industry experience in statistical data analysis. Resourceful and proactive, I have been able to combine my communication skills with extensive domain knowledge to identify opportunities and deliver a satisfactory outcome for the organisation while working individually and as part of a larger team.,
I think I am:  *A Problem Solver* // Harnessing data analysis as a tool to devise solutions to real world problems by embracing analytics.   *A Vivid Dreamer* // Looking forward to working as an excellent Data Scientist.  *A Hybrid Monster* // Trying to apply my qualitative and quantitative skills in any work that needs an integration of both by Python, R, SPSS and etc.  *A Heavy Visualizer* // Visualizing data, business value, customer review...  And also: *A Team Player*, *A Fast Learner*, *An Early Adaptor*, *A Music Lover*. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- “Without big data analytics, companies are blind and deaf, wandering out onto the web like deer on a freeway.” – Geoffrey Moore, author,  and consultant.  Start to meet me: haosusu.suki@gmail.com
High-skilled BI professional having 7+ years of experience spearheading numerous on-site and off-site projects and ensuring delivery into areas of insights and analytics, such as Business Analysis & Reporting, Consulting & Strategic Insights, Performance trend while utilizing complex machine learning algorithms like decision-tree and rule-mining and Developing Interactive Dashboards. Expertise in handling large data sets, insights generation, output interpretation, BI automation and advanced visualizations.,
Graduated with a Master's degree in engineering at Imperial College London, I am a highly motivated individual who loves technical challenges associated with data science and computer simulation. Generally my main interest is in use of data analytics and machine learning models to solve interesting technological and business problems.
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis, Business Operation, Fraud Detection, Algorithms, Agile Testing, SQL, and Python (Programming Language). Strong program and project management professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (BEng) focused in Computer Science from Nanyang Technological University.,
Strategically-minded Data Professional with more than 4 years of experience executing data-driven solutions to increase efficiency and accuracy. An adaptable team player with proficient knowledge in statistics, mathematics, and analytics.  Highly experienced in using Machine Learning techniques for creating data regression models, classification, time series analysis, data visualization, and analyzing to deliver insights and implement the action-oriented solution to complex problems.
SAS Certified Programmer for Base SAS 9 with 11+ years hands on experience in SAS, SQL, Tableau and Power BI. Worked in Health, Oil Field Services(reporting) , BFSI, Utilities and Clinical Research sectors with national & international clients.  Specialties:  SAS / Base. SAS / Macro. SAS / SQL. SAS Enterprise Guide. Tableau. Hive. SQL. Power BI. QlikSense.,
Data scientist passionate about investigation and discovery of trends and insights that skilful characterisation of big data can reveal. Previously employed as a data scientist at the Justice Strategy and Policy Unit – NSW Department of Justice and BuildingIQ Pty Ltd (venture-backed by Siemens and Schneider Electric) in Sydney, ia.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.  Lao Tzu
A dynamic and driven data analyst professional with a demonstrated history of working in the real estate industry.  I am a passionate person who likes to contribute and make a difference within the business that I value integrity, growth and building trust based relationship.
Experience working on Machine Learning techniques such as Clustering,Classfication and Regression. * Good working knowledge with  containers in cloud such as Docker and AWS * Strong experience in resilient architecture (high availability, scalability) * Experience in integrating and managing large volumes of Data while taking into account performance issues * Skilled in Python, and experienced with packages related to machine learning and data science (e.g. pandas, numpy, matplotlib, scikit-learn) * Strong foundation in computer science and software engineering, and ability to deliver and test production level code *  Experience working with Data Scientists and finding solutions for them to work efficiently while manipulating high volume of data and be able to work with them and the teams to bring their algorithms at scale *  Passion in building tools and practicing Agile and DevOps approach, with operational experience in a fast pace and demanding environment.
I am 7 years experienced IT Professional. My skill set is as below.  Skillset and Knowledge: 1. Data analysis and visualization with Tableau BI (Certified Associate), Power BI, SAP BO, SSRS, TIBCO Jaspersoft 2. Highly skilled in SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL 2. Experienced in big data, python programming-(pyspark, numpy, pandas, matplotlib, BeautifulSoup) 2. Experience in telecommunication and banking domain. 3. Thorough understanding of Software Lifecycle Development.
Skilled in Python, Machine Learning and Data Analytics. Strong applied research professional with a Master of Technology focused in Knowledge Engineering from National University of Singapore.,
Data Scientist with domain knowledge in precision manufacturing, bachelors in Material Science Engineering and experience in research. I am always eager to contribute my Engineering and data science expertise through a thorough analysis of data to transform them into impactful insights. With a passion to help individuals make better and smarter decisions by strategically using data, I continually invest in improving my production capability through training and new challenges.,
Proactive and hardworking Master of Business Analytics graduate with excellent work ethic, ability to learn and adapt in a dynamic work environment. Two years of experience in the hospitality industry, providing high-quality customer services. Demonstrated leadership skills through effective communication, strong teamwork, time management and problem-solving skills. Currently seeking opportunities in analytics domain, where I could utilise and build on my technical knowledge and experience.
A highly self-motivated and independent team player with an analytical mind. Having graduated with a Business Analytics major in Nanyang Business School, Clayton is proficient in several analytical tools such as Python, SAS, SQL & Tableau. Being in the dynamic analytics field, Clayton understands the need for consistent self-improvement and takes responsibility for his own learning. Possessing both business acumen and technical skills, Clayton is able to leverage the power of data to gain insights and guide business decisions.
Studying Masters in Data Science with over 4.5 years of experience in data analytics in healthcare, recruitment and engineering sectors. Have gained industry experience and worked on SQL, R, Python and Tableau. Believe in creating an impact and generating solutions to complex problems.
Data Mining and Visualisation, Insights Communication | SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Hive, Impala | Python: Pandas, SKlearn, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Numpy, Dask | Azure ML Studio,
Data Scientist who loves to explore new approaches to solve real-life problems.
A former Philosophy and History of Science person, dabbled in publishing, currently into analytics.,
It is my pleasure to meet you here. My name is Steve, I am a motivated, team-work oriented and responsible data analyst with 2 years of experience interpreting and analysing data in order to drive successful business solutions. Proficient knowledge in analytics, mathematics, data manipulation, data visualisation, machine learning and data warehouse. Good understanding of business insights, business operations and analytics tools for effective analyses of data. My career interests include data analyst, data scientist, data consultant and business intelligence analyst.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Data Analysis, Python (Programming Language), and SQL. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Science - BS focused in Economics & Finance from University of London.
Experienced Data Scientist | Data Analyst (Research Analyst) with a demonstrated history of working in the research, fintech, hospitality industry. - Proficient in using statistical software, programming language, and visualization tools: Python, R, SQL, Tableau, STATA - Skilled in Analytical Skills, Statistical Modeling, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Big Data
graduate of Statistics with almost seven years of experience in SQL programming, data mining, reports generation, data management and adhoc reporting and five years of experience in SAS Programming. Have work experience in both reinsurance/insurance, banking and telecommunications industry. Has excellent data investigation and problem solving skills. Always meets deadlines, by being organized and efficient in handling multiple tasks.,
A Petroleum Geoscience student, graduated from Universiti Teknologi PETRONAS, possessing great passion in Geology, Reservoir Characterization, and Geomodelling. While majoring in Basin Analysis, I am equipped with strong geological and geophysical knowledge. Often actively involved in many local and international level student-organized events in UTP and in collaboration with multinational companies during my internship with Resource Development & Management, MPM PETRONAS. Therefore my organizational, coordination, leadership and interpersonal skills have enhanced greatly over time.  I am also competent in PETREL after working on static models for 3 different projects :  a) Student Industrial Training : NAG Preliminary Field Development Plan (FDP) Study on Turbidite reservoir of T field b) Student Industrial Project : Assessing Impact of Subsurface Uncertainties on the Hydrocarbon Volumes in Meandering Belt Complex (MBC) of S Field  c) Final Year Project : Implementation of SQp-SQs Attributes for 3D Facies Modelling and Volumetric Assessment of SS Reservoir : A Sabah Basin Field,
Informatica Certified Developer with 6.11 years of total IT experience in all aspects of project development life cycle including Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation, Modelling, Testing and Supporting for Enterprise Data warehousing, Data marts, Data Acquisition, Data Integration, Data migration, Data ingestion. 6+ years of extensive experience in Informatica Power Center (10.x/9.x) tools along with that Informatica Big Data Manager (BDM), Informatica Cloud. Extensive Experience in designing and developing complex mappings applying various transformations and mapplets. Extensively worked on data extraction, Transformation and loading data from various sources like Oracle, SQL Server
Certified Advanced RPA professional and Data Analytics graduate and with an excellent work ethic and an ability to comprehend both business and technical requirements. Gained Data Analysis and Process Automation experience with latest tools, academic projects, and local volunteer experience.   Past IT experience as a Quality Analyst with the ability to apply a high attention to detail and demonstrated excellent service to clients. This was achieved by analysing large data sets, developing well-designed test cases, and Automation skills. Worked effectively in teams by optimizing traditional processes by providing value to the client. Worked with Insurance, Pharmaceutical, and Oil & Gas industry clients.
Data Analyst/Business Analyst and a customer obsessed leader who works towards improving the customer experience in the project development and management in the fast-moving data-centric world. Love to work and grow in an environment, where my performance is reinforced and contribute my innovative thoughts for the development of the company.,
Data Analyst developing and managing enterprise databases, ETL pipelines, automated data workflows and business analytics dashboards.
A detail-oriented, highly organised young professional and recent graduate with 3+ years of work experience specialising in Information Systems, Data Analytics and Business Management. Aiming to leverage my analytical, technical and business skills and knowledge to contribute in the area of Data Analytics.
workplace flexibility employee -lifelong learning person,
Data analyst with particular interest in healthcare, education and science. Formerly an academic researcher, educator and translator. Languages enthusiast. I am always up for new challenges, love learning and finding new ways to solve a problem. I enjoy meeting new people and always look for a better ways to communicate with them.,
Creative individual with a background comprising several internships and cooperative opportunities. An engaging personality with the ability to work efficiently on various tasks, including data analysis, in-depth research, operation, budgeting, and administration. History of being an effective team member with a full understanding of the underwriting process and team needs. Meticulous and excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure.
Data Analyst with 8+ years of professional IT experience having extensive analytical knowledge in global logistics and healthcare industry. ★ Collaborated with Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Reporting, Dashboards, Client Interaction, and Mobile Technologies from conception through release of projects. ★ Articulate and highly enthusiastic, possessing excellent interpersonal communication skills and achieving goals effectively as a team. ★ Data has been called the new global currency, and its meteoric rise is transforming entire industries - therefore, would like to drive the demand as a practitioner to wield its power.  Specialties: i. Business Intelligence Analytics / Dashboard (InetSoft, Style Studio, MS Power BI, Visual Studio) ii. Database Management Software Tools (DBVisualizer, DB2
An articulate and quick thinking young person who has a natural flair for being able to communicate and relationships with potential clients. Asyikin is creative, innovative and willing to contribute ideas and professional opinion to any project. She is more than able to aid marketing department with their promotional efforts, advertising campaigns and public relations initiatives.,ekynnabila
A recent graduate in Accounting and Big Data Analytics seeking a challenging position to utilize my interpersonal and analytical skills in an organization to contribute to personal growth and company’s success.
I am a young and independent individual who is passionate about personal and corporate development. I strongly believe in the inter-connectivity of all the various expertise, that is why I see a personal objective to constantly learn new skills and develop on the existing.   During my undergraduate, I engaged in multiple English debating activities over 5 years and have developed multiple useful and transferable skills such as communication, interpersonal, presentation, negotiation, analytical and critical thinking skills. I have spent most of my university years in the leadership roles, both in class and in the Swinburne Debaters' Club administration.   During the course of my studies, I took up multiple part time jobs. Notably, I worked as a part-time permanent product consultant where I gained experience in Sales and Customer Service. I took this opportunity to relate theories I have learned in class with the strategies and practices the company applies. There I developed the ability to work under pressure, priorities my workloads and experience practical uses of what I learned in the classroom.   Upon graduation, I ventured to Singapore as management trainee in a restaurant for a year to learn operational works as well and understanding the behaviors of consumers.   I challenged myself and took a job as a Data Analyst and Digital Marketer for an e-commerce website where I have to learn modern marketing strategies and improved my critical thinking and analytical skills. As the company is a startup, I have constantly contributed out of my job scope and helped my colleagues and management team build better systems and workflows. I realized from here my ability to organize, coordinate and think through strategies.   Now from B2C
An accomplished Professional with over 10+ years of diverse experience in Team Management, Customer Support, Data Analysis & Operations, across multiple markets globally (Americas, Europe and JAPA) in diverse industries (Banking, Financial, Payments & Electronics). Demonstrated ability to build trustful client relationships, strategic thinker, and people leader with in-depth experience in customer relationship management & eager to add value to any organization.  * Results-focused, able to set high work standards for self and demonstrate drive to meet targets. * Excellent analytical & problem solving, coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project & program team.   * Successful in delivery of complex projects across multiple lines of business, with proficiency in handling varied stakeholders. * Ability to co-ordinate & work with cross functional teams
Experienced Data Analyst well-versed in multiple ETL and reporting platforms (Qlikview, SQL, SSIS/RS, BOBJ, Excel etc), data extraction and manipulation techniques, different methods of data analysis.   Delivered numerous automation and reporting solutions across banking, IT sales and FMCG industries to improve operational efficiency and to provide insights into business performance.
Data Engineer with 9+ years of experience in a number of different industries including engineering education, consumer micro-finance, customer experience management, consumer transportation and logistics. Currently working as a Senior Consultant at Servian.  I write for a number of publications on Medium, including TowardsDataScience, HackerNoon, Crowdbotics and so on. I am open for pro bono work for social and environmental causes.  Reach out to kovid@tutanota.com.,kovid7,
June 28,Unbounded Talented data analyst with 4 years of experience, experienced in interpreting and analyzing data to support management decisions, self-motivated with many achievements that helped my company improve profit from campaigns and offer and provide better customer experience.,
July 1,,AriffinMohdZaid
Singapore,Data-driven and results-oriented analyst with a solid base in Marketing and strong experience in digital projects. Looking for opportunities to use data mining to generate actionable insights and informed decision-making.  As a project manager, I have foreseen the development of digital products using Agile and Rapid Prototyping. As the web manager of an ecommerce of 150K/mo revenue, I improved my sales analysis and reporting. After co-founding my own startup Unique Visitors, I learn the power of data analysis and decided to pursue this path.  I have a solid experience in data mining working with R and machine learning techniques to generate predictive models, regression, classification, feature engineering, algorithms, time series analysis, forecasting, sentiment analysis. I have experience working with Elastic MapReduce to create parallel computing clusters using Hadoop
I graduated in Business with an emphasis in Finance and have experience in planning, budgeting, forecasting, and management reporting.  During my career, I have worked in various multinational companies, including Vale, Enel, and BOLT, assisting in performance improvement, cost analysis, and interpreting complex data sets.  I moved to Singapore in 2016 and I am inspired by the diverse business opportunities, cultural diversity and the food scene in Asia.
Curiosity drives me to constantly keep learning. I am always excited to pick up new workflows and processes as well as academic knowledge. The world keeps changing rapidly and I feel the need to constantly improve my breadth to stay relevant with the trends. I believe in the need to expose myself to multiple experiences as it makes me more creative in my ability to perform different roles in different industries.  I started my career in the creative industry and it naturally led me into marketing and advertising. I’ve been a graphic designer, photographer, digital imaging artist, design and photography lecturer at Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts (NAFA), sales marketing for a printing company, producer at photography and videography companies, client servicing and business development director at a branding and design consultancy, and integrated project manager and data analyst for a prestigious international creative agency where I was part of the team that won gold at Marketing Magazine’s Singapore Agency of the Year awards for consecutive years in 2018 and 2019.  With humility and a desire to constantly challenge myself and stay relevant, I have managed to evolve myself constantly and leap into new roles by using my past experiences as a springboard. I am currently studying digital marketing strategies and marketing analytics to add yet another facet to my experiences and abilities. I look forward to sharing my experiences and abilities with your team to achieve great things together.,
For the last 10 years+ I have experience in Networking espcially in the Enterprise LAN environment which are covering LAN technology itself, Proxy, DNS-DHCP-IPAM, Firewall, Wireless.  My opportunity was starting from the daily operational level until planning & build level for LAN, which gave me a lot of exposure on how Enterprise LAN works from the technology and the process itself.    And since 5 years ago, my focus changed more into Network Monitoring & Management toolset and also including data management, handling the daily operational until it's architechture & design level. This exposure lead several achievement, one of it like succesfully enabling Network Compliance (for Software & configuration based on corporate global standard) and Network Device lifecycle management for whole APAC region.   Current skills/ interest: Splunk, SolarWinds (various module:NPM, NTA, SAM, VMAN, SRM
Tool agnostic experienced BI Professional with vast global experience in implementing end-to-end BI solutions in Retail and Banking organisations. IBM Cognos Certified Author and Administrator. Expertise in complex Report Studio Reports and DMR models in Framework Manager. Good knowledge of T-SQL and end to end implementation experience in delivering ETL and Microsoft SQL Server solutions in SSIS.  Working knowledge of SSAS, SSRS and Power BI. Special interest in data models, out of the box solutions to complex problems, Dashboard interface design and Visualisation. Permanent Resident of ia.,
I am a results-oriented and analytical professional with experience in data analytics, business analysis, and client management.  I am a skilled professional with a Master’s Degree in Information Technology (Professional Computing) from Swinburne University of Technology and a Bachelor of Information Technology Degree. With the ability to analyze and interpret high volumes of complex data and in-depth knowledge in project management, business process, and business intelligence and data visualization tools– providing overall support throughout all phases of project life cycles, from launch through execution.  As an Analyst, I am an analytical team player capable of executing and enhancing procedures to ensure maximum efficiency, productivity, and profitability. I am also skilled in providing consultative support and building key relationships through effective interpersonal, organizational, and leadership abilities. I am always adaptable with the ability to implement practical solutions under time-critical conditions. I have strong partnership skills with the ability to exceed business targets.  With a proven track record of implementation of complex data analysis, along with my polished presentation and training abilities
Data Analyst specialized in Instrumentation and Control, Group Technical Data (GTD/PD&T) PETRONAS.
Recent graduate of the Masters in Renewable Energy Engineering from the UNSW looking to contribute the skills I've developed in the areas of renewable energy, green buildings, and sustainability assessment.  I am enthusiastic on a broad range of specific areas such as renewable energy data science, policy, demand management, energy markets, system design, and more. I'm hardworking, resourceful, passionate, and generally enjoy contributing my efforts effectively.
A pragmatic yet innovative independent thinker inspired by the power and ability of data to tell revealing stories. Seeking opportunities in the field of data analytics to further enhance knowledge and expertise in the field. Self-driven individual with acute analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills to help the organisation achieve its business goals while holding on to vision, mission and values.,
I am a senior (final year) at Singapore Management University with a double major in Economics and Analytics, expecting to graduate in 2020.   My double major in Economics and Analytics has given me a holistic blend of analytical and practical skills. Economics has given me a thorough understanding of Markets and Policies, while Analytics has provided me with a strong foundation in Statistics and Data Manipulation. I hone my practical skills regularly, using software/languages such as Python, R, SQL, and VBA on coursework as well as company data during internship projects.   I am also actively involved in school activities. In school, I was the Vice-President of The Mentoring Circle, an initiative which shares knowledge amongst undergraduates and alumni. I previously chaired the Economics Freshman Camp catered for 200 Freshmen, which entailed liaising with stakeholders and making key decisions. I have also been part of a performance team representing SMU and Singapore in an overseas Salsa competition. These endeavours have improved my communication, interpersonal, and leadership skills.  I am constantly on the lookout for opportunities that allow me to learn, grow, and create value. I look forward to connecting with you!
Hi, I am a Data Analyst with PwC.  Nowadays, during my free time I love working on data driven side projects, learning something new on MOOCs or reading.   I believe in constant self-improvement and pushing my boundaries to become a better version of myself.   If you are also interested in data analytics /ML, feel free to connect with me!,
Data Analyst passionate about data-driven business decision and data science. Exceptional in Excel/Python/R/Tableau in day-to-day data wrangling, validation and visualization. Would love to be exposed to more opportunities that involves data science and machine learning. Occasionally blogs about data science related articles in Towards Data Science,
Information Technology based on database,
Penultimate at Tsinghua School of Economics and Finance, with a major in Economics Finance.  Had diverse internship experiences in both financial and non-financial industry
Masters graduate with expertise in data warehousing, process validation and business needs analysis. Ability to understand customer requirements and translate into actionable project plans. Dedicated and hard-working with a passion for Big Data. Seeking to leverage data analytical skills to improve organisation performance as a Data Analyst.,navchandru
I am an action oriented, quick learner with a flare for multi-tasking. I enjoy challenges and believe When you truly aspire for something the entire universe conspires in helping you achieve it”.   Currently I have taken a venture into the data analytics field. My innate Curiosity and quest for learning has helped to embrace data analytics with an open mind and raging spirit.  I am open to opportunities that enable me to make use of data for innovation, optimization and solving real, large scale issues in the analytics field which in turn facilitates game changing business decisions.
Tableau | Power BI | Alteryx | SSIS | SQL | Data Analyst | Passionate for Data.
I am an analytics professional with over 4 years of experience working across multiple portfolios in banking. Going beyond analyzing data, I have implemented analytical frameworks that have helped clients enhance their existing revenue streams and tap customer sentiment to respond more quickly to their tastes and needs  As a Graduate Student in Business Analytics at the University of Cincinnati, I focused on further strengthening my quantitative and data visualization skills with the goal of developing myself as an analytics consultant who enables businesses to successfully set and achieve road maps to integrate analytics into their business.  Skills and Technology:  1. Customer Analytics, Direct Marketing Analytics, Campaign Performance Analysis 2. Data Manipulation and Analysis using SAS, SQL and CART  3. Statistical Modeling using Logistic Regression (SAS)  4. Data Visualization using Qlikview and Tableau  6. Programming languages:  SQL,R,Python,C, C++, SAS, and VBA  7. Microsoft Office: Excel, Excel Solver
Experienced Marketing with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in Research, Human Resources, Management, Microsoft Excel, and Customer Service. Strong marketing professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services from INTI International University & Colleges.
Currently holds a Master of commerce degree from the University of Sydney and has experience in the financial industry including financial internship experience and big data analysis project experience. Good grades and strong ability to learn, execute, analyze and solve problems.
A skilled and highly effective Data and Reporting Analyst. I have a strong background in underpinning mission-critical business decisions with evidence and insight across finance and business performance. I am an expert in data analytics, querying, and modeling data to gain insights and creating visualisations that illustrate metrics, to help businesses make informed decisions. During my roles, I have improved reports, streamlined processes, monitored projections contributing to the forecasting and budget analysis. I am highly skilled in several tools including SQL, Tableau, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Query, Microsoft Power BI
I am an Electronics and Communication engineering graduate from year 2017. I have worked as a Data Analyst and have experience of 8 months as a Data Analyst in Wipro Ltd., and 6 months as an operations analyst intern in untravel.com.  My skill set includes: -Power BI -Tableau -Java -Python -R -C -Microsoft Office -Written and verbal communication -Management skills -Leadership skills -Creativity  In my experience with Wipro, I have worked on various interactive reports and created aesthetic dashboards using the data provided. I have also worked on analysing data to monitor traffic coming on the website while interning for 6 months. I have gained leadership and management qualities while volunteering and leading many events and festivals in college. I am a travel enthusiast and like to sketch when get time. Currently looking for opportunities to use my skillset in benefiting the current market. If my profile interests you then feel free to contact.,
Experienced consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the market research industry.
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the investment management industry. Skilled in SQL, Data Analysis, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Machine Learning. Strong information technology professional with a Master of Computing from National University of Singapore.
With statistics as my educational foundation, I have consistently been exhilarated for having the option to foresee results or study the trends through data. This roused me to persuade my masters degree and become a data analyst. Well versed with Data Visualisation, Deep learning models as well as Database frameworks.  Also Worked on a Project DEEP LEARNING FOR IMAGE CLASSIFICATION in Machine Learning and Data visualisation.   I am fascinated how artificial intelligence is evolving and is not only solving the modern problems but is now becoming an influential factor in technology. This encourages me to drive my enthusiasm towards AI and Data Analytics.
Highly analytical individual with a passionate entrepreneurial mindset, I carry the blend of rigorous academic training and varied global work experiences in the field of Analytics and Marketing.
Data Science enthusiast and a recent graduate in Data Analytics from RMIT University with 4 years of IT industry experience in SAP ERP as Techno-functional consultant and Data Analyst in different industry verticals.  Firm believer in the fact that Numbers when comes in relationship with technology can generate wonders.  Proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture.  Competencies: Data Science, Data Analysis, Data Modelling, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Time series Analysis, Bayesian Analysis data Visualization( Experience in Power BI, Tableau, FineReport, SSRS) MS Excel, PowerPoint  Languages: SQL, R, Python
Story-telling through data.,
I am a fast learner, open to accept new knowledge and concepts. I hope to work in a field that sparks my interest and allows me to gain new knowledge and experience continuously.
Data Science, Data Analytics experience in manufacturing and finance industry
,November 3,Driven data/business analyst with 4 plus years of experience in data analytics, business reporting and process management. Adept in Excel’s analytical toolset, highly experienced with Pivot Tables, macros and SQL. Accomplished in the use of Tableau, Power BI visualisation software for dashboard and drafting reports that provide insightful analysis. Successful in using macros to automate and streamline reporting procedures, while simultaneously optimising the accuracy of performance metrics. Proficient in understanding different data sets and data sources, business engagement, stakeholder management and solving complex problem.
Typical data analyst/scientist with experience working in a cloud environment (AWS) in a modern tech company. Not so typical: my background is in statistics which forms the basis of my approach. Knowledgeable in many different data related tools, including R, Python, and Spark. My focus is on solving problems and answering questions with the use of data.,
Monitoring Data center facilities using BMS, EMS and Synapsense monitoring tools o	Maintaining visitor records & access logs  o	Maintaining access card and security surveillance system o	Managing day to day activities, users, visitors and subscribers co-ordination o	Analyzing power consumption and assigning rack space for different projects  o	Co-ordinate with respective teams with in a project o	Responsible for handling issues pertaining to operations and production o	Responsible to manage incidents during the shift o	Rack and stack of equipment o	Performing DC Cabling, labelling, patching o	Daily DC server health checks, walkthroughs, reporting, remedy and email queue management o	Receiving the material deliveries, maintaining the inventory store room o	Co-ordinating with COLO customers on their requirements and advising them on further options
A skilled professional with more than 9.5 years of experience (5 years of experience in data analysis field and 4.5 year of experience in operations) in ICT industry. Experience in data extraction, data cleansing techniques, validating, manipulating complex data and Data visualization/reporting using Python, SQL, SAS, Tableau, Power BI and Excel. Excellent analytical skills, problems resolving skills, Project Management skills, Leadership and communication skills. Certified in ITIL process framework focusing on Service Delivery, Technical Support and Customer Service.
I am a Data Analyst at Etiqa Insurance Singapore focusing on driving sales through analytics and campaign studies. Tools that I currently and heavily use are Python, Microsoft SQL, Qlik Sense and Google Analytics.  Previously, I worked as a Data Scientist at The Center of Applied Data Science (CADS) where I ran corporate training in Data Science courses (Deep Learning, Statistics and Data Storytelling to name a few) and worked with internal and CADS’ partners data to gain actionable insights through data clean-up and data visualisation (Tableau and Python’s Matplotlib).  Aside from work, I am currently studying deep learning and exploring how artificial intelligence can be of good use to society, how we can better understand human behavior through AI -- specifically how artificial intelligence can improve mental health.  Before getting into the industry, I graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, USA with a Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics with an application in Actuarial Science. I will be starting my online Master of Science in Computer Science (MSCS) at the Georgia Institute of Technology this coming Fall 2020.  In my free time, I’d love to hang out with friends, watch movies and travel to new places. You can direct message me if you want to talk about Data Science, Artificial Intelligence or anything of professional topics, I’d be interested to have a conversation!  [Header photo by Doug Chayka through: https://on.mktw.net/2W1V4ih],
Target oriented. Self motivated. Team player. Fast learner. Enthusiastic in new technology.,
Highly versatile Full stack developer + data analyst package with getting-it-done attitude. I like working at companies with a clear Vision, where I can make a difference by taking things to the next level. I can start any coding project by scratch to the deployment phase.   Technology-wise, I'm passionate about software design and development and data analytical perspective pieces of works. During my last year at Uni, I mostly developed Python skills as a developer and a data scientist as well. I'm keen on exploring new topics and the latest trends in technology and always on the mindset to do something new by putting the full stop to old fashioned technical practices.  * 7+ Years of software development experiences ( C, C++, VB.Net, C#, Java, and Python) * 3+ Years of Web Development experiences (React JS, Vue JS, HTML, CSS
An award winning and result oriented technology  professional with extensive experience in handling humongous data. I have a proven track record of delivering successful projects globally involving migration of millions of current production data. In order to enhance my expertise in not only analysing the data but also predict the patterns involved I pursued my Masters in Business Analytics and Management Sciences from the University of Southampton. I dream to be a fortune teller with the data. Aside to my professional career I love travelling as it gives me an opportunity to meet people from new cultures , learn about their values and see things from a totally different perspective.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & energy industry. Skilled in Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) process, Big Data Analytics, Data Visualization such as Tableau and Microsoft Power BI and Project Management. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Business Information Systems focused in Enterprise Information Systems from Universiti Teknologi PETRONAS.
I’m passionate about the technology and all things data science related, especially in the area of bringing insights and values to businesses through data science and analytics.   My skillset includes Python and R programming, Informatica, Oracle SQL as well as data visualization tools such as Tableau and Spotfire.  Outside of work I’m also an avid cafe hopper and an enthusiastic photographer.
I am an economics major by training, but have long since reinvented myself to a self-taught data analyst. I believe in constantly learning and challenging my biases. Hence, in my free time, I like to read and dwell on topics from philosophy, data science, programming and urban issues. I believe in the powers and dangers of technologies, and my ambition is to be in a position to make our world a more collaborative place through a mixture of data analytics, technologies and urban theory applications.
Empathetic, teamwork-oriented, and data driven Data Analyst with experience in increasing the comprehension of data and reports to the respective project holders. Currently pursuing Bachelor's in Psychology and actively self-improving in data science related courses in Online Education Platform such as Coursera. Bilingual in English and Bahasa Malaysia with an intermediate understanding.  Everyone has their own way on keeping themselves pumped up and as for me ; “The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new” -Socrates
Experienced in execute the data-driven solutions to increase efficiency, accuracy, and utility of internal data processing. Skilled in Databases, Data Analysis, R, Tableu and SPSS.
I am a currently enrolled Master of IT student at the University of Sydney double majoring in Data Management and Analytics & Software Engineering. My career interests are software engineering and data analysis, data mining and machine learning engineer.
Siddhant Sethi is an enthusiastic, persistent and hardworking person. He always tries to excel in whatever he does by adding flavors of professionalism, perfection and sportsman spirit. His objectives in life have always been towards learning out of every single experience he put himself through. You can never be the smartest person in a room, however, you can be the most hardworking.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in R and Python(Programming Language), Requirements Analysis, C++, Sun Certified Java Programmer, and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Strong information technology professional with a Master of Technology (MTech) focused in Knowledge Engineering from National University of Singapore.,
I am enthused about data science, continually working and studying from the Fintech industry. Skilled in programming languages such as python, SQL, R, and Java; Worked with databases such as MySQL, Postgres, and MongoDB; Passionate on machine learning and deep learning.,
The healthcare of tomorrow requires insight from the data of today. Let us be the voice to those numbers.  The price of light is less than the cost of darkness.  - A.C. Nielsen,
Dedicated and detail-oriented Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the banking industry. Skilled in Microsoft Excel, Brio, SAS Programming, and R. Strong research professional with a degree focused in Mathematical Statistics and Probability from NUS.
Graduated as an Electronics and communication engineer, I have passion for IoT and data driven analytics. I own an experience of 3.10 years with Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd. and am skilled in Tableau, Alteryx, SQL and R. I am a graduate in Masters in IT in Business in Analytics Track and currently working with Standard Chartered  Bank as Data Analyst.
Experienced Data Analyst Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Alteryx, Tableau, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Power BI, and Data Analysis. Strong business development professional graduated from Universiti Utara Malaysia.
Data wrangling and visualization | Tableau Desktop Specialist | Business Intelligence,
Certified Business & Data analytics professional with over 10 years of experience in business analysis, interpreting and analysing data, stakeholder management & reporting.   I have worked on diverse range of BI projects and have extensive hands-on experience in end-to-end designing and implementation of BI reporting solutions -  from requirements elicitation and design to data modelling to report development, testing and production release in a large enterprise wide environment.  I possess sound understanding of relational and dimensional data modelling, star schema, data warehouse and reporting services.  Specialities: • Business Intelligence Tools – Microsoft Power BI, Cognos BI • Cloud – Microsoft Azure • Productivity applications – Jira, Confluence • Expert in analysing the AS-IS and TO-BE processes, process mapping, gap analysis • Expert in building analytical solutions to extract key insights from raw data using Descriptive, Predictive analytics  • Expert in evaluating and mapping business requirements and designing reporting and analytics-based solutions for businesses, promotion of data-driven decision-making across the organisation • Building Business KPIs and measurement through effective and dynamic Data Visualisation Dashboards and Reports for Senior management. • Excellent understanding of business operations
Pursuing my Masters degree in Business Analytics at Singapore Management University. 4+ years of work experience in IT industry Familiarity with relational databases and SQL-like query languages Played role as a Process consultant involved in implementation and enhancing the Engineering Processes of Robert Bosch Automotive Steering Gmbh, head quartered in Germany. Knowledge of a scientific computing language such as R, Python and visualization tools such as Tableau Ability to analyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensional data from varying sources Analytics modelling to derive insights from data and recommend impacts to  the customers Well versed with Software development life cycle including Agile methodologies Ability to work on parallel projects which would benefit the team and product in terms of time and cost ***************************************** Domain Experience: Manufacturing sector like Automotive Steering,IT and Consumer Electronics. Tools: Tableau, JMP Pro,PowerBI,Method park Stages, Microsoft Office (Advanced), IBM rational tools (Clearquest, ClearCase, DOORs ,RTC and RQM) Programming: Python
University graduate with the skills in information management as well as customer service seeking to leverage acquired academic knowledge and experience in a competitive workplace.,
,Experienced Master of IT graduate, with specialisations in Data and Business Analysis from Swinburne University of Technology, who is seeking a career in Data Analytics through expanding my expertise and learning new technologies. Passionate about data science and the great things humanity can achieve using data, I am a glass half full type of person who knows that there’s always room for improvement. Willing to do more than what is expected of me and always ready to learn more by contributing my best for the team I'm working with to achieve organisational goals, it is my ambition to work toward establishing a start-up in Data Analytics.
Experienced Structured Finance (Securitisation) Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in Bloomberg, Financial Markets (Fixed Income, FX, and Commodity Markets), Microsoft Excel (Bloomberg API), with a Double Degrees in Bachelor of Business Management & Bachelor of Science (Economics) focused in Finance, Economics from Singapore Management University.,
Highly technical minded professional with business and analytical experience. Exposure in multiple industry sectors including finance, utility, retail and public sector. Love team work as well as autonomous work. Always curious in process improvement and skill development. Japanese, Cantonese speaker.
A proven leader within esteemed organisations, I am a fast learner and do everything in my capability to deliver great results.   Business Analyst through education and trade, I am constantly looking for ways to further develop my present skills and look to learn new skills.  PowerBI, Tableau, SQL, python, Excel, VBA are daily tools and languages used in my day to day tasks.   The one thing that keeps me up awake is that I'm not learning fast enough. Hungry for knowledge, patient in repetition, open to criticism. Humbled and grateful for opportunities that come by.
10+ years experience in data analysis and signal processing.,
Area of expertise:  Surface water modelling, Hydrologic and hydraulic analysis and modelling, Hydraulic design, Flood assessment and modelling, Flood mitigation, and document preparation, Data mining (Space and Time Data sets), Spatial data analysis, Information visualization (Space & Time Data sets), Statistics,
I am a Data Scientist with over five years of experience in Analysis, Design and Development. I always welcome opportunities where I get the scope to work on challenging assignments.  I played multiple roles and built a strong background in database development and data analysis. After working as an Oracle Applications Developer, I have developed a keen interest in turning large chunks of data into stories and insights. One of my greatest assets is my zeal towards exploring new technologies. I am always on the lookout for machine learning techniques that makes my work far more engaging.  To further improve my skill set, I joined General Assembly to upskill and figure out much more in Data Analytics and Data Science.I explored EDA, Feature Engineering, Supervised and Unsupervised learning, Optimisation techniques, Statistical inference, data visualisation using Python and Tableau.I am skilled in SQL, Pl/SQL, Unix shell scripting, Microsoft office and core java.I prepared Tableau dashboards and interested in Data storytelling.	I am Qlik Data Architect, developed market intelligence reports.  Being an ambitious person
SAS Certified Base Level Programmer - SAS Certified Advanced Programmer - SAS Certified Statistical Business Analyst using SAS 9: Regression and Modeling - SAS Certified Predictive Modeler using Enterprise Miner 14 - Proficient in SAS Visual Analytics 7.4 - Proficient in T-SQL querying - Proficient in Teradata SQL - Proficient in using Google Big Query - Proficient in using descriptive and inferential statistics, non-parametric tests, ANOVA, Multiple Regression, Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Neural Networks, Cluster Analysis, Association Analysis - More than ten years of enriching experience in market research, data analytics, sales and client support - More than six years experience in product and people management - Eight years experience in working with global insurance, banking
Data Analyst with 5+ years of experience in helping the fortune 500 companies to solve complex business problems using data. I believe in utilising the data to deliver actionable insights with better visualisations (as it makes our lives easy).   Fondness towards data and problem solving led me to pursue graduate degree in Business Analytics to  explore the world of data science. Indeed, Learning never ends. Have assisted Regional CIO of DHL Express in system optimisation through data crunching during my Internship.   Skills: R, SQL, Python Tableau, Looker, A/B Experiments, Hypothesis Testing, Forecasting - Linear Regression, Time series models; Clustering and Classification techniques.  I am open for any discussion related to data science and Analytics over a cup of coffee. Please feel free to connect with me regarding the same.,
March 19,A zealous Aircraft Engineering Technology ( Mechanical ) student with both technical and managerial knowledge on Aircraft, Powerplant, and Oil & Gas. Currently commencing internship in Petronas Carigali Sdn. Bhd until June, 2019 before veering into the industry as a graduate.
Enjoys solving interesting problems with data and inventing scalable data products to make a positive impact. Strong expertise in machine learning algorithms, big data platforms, marketing analytics, and full stack engineering.  Participate in Kaggle competitions. Top 1% Silver medal in Porto Seguro's Safe Driver Prediction, Top 9% Bronze medal in Predicting Red Hat Business Value.,
Interested in data analysis and data science. Have a background in statistics, currently learning Python (including Pandas, Mathplotlib, etc).  As skillful financial analyst in the past, I have valuable experience in gathering requirements, collecting of input data, data structuring and developing complex calculations and algorithms.,
Good analytical, system and communication skills ·	Good team player and relate well to all levels of management ·	Willingness to learn ·	Responsible and able to meet deadlines ·	Fast leaner ·	Pleasant
,Business Data professional with experience of multiple ETL BI data migrations and conversion projects for leading multinational companies in finance and energy sector. I have experience of working with clients, vendors and internal teams spread across geographies. I have worked in multiple teams under SDLC e.g. build and configuration, system test, development, business analysis, conversion consultancy.   My core expertise is  - Data and business analysis - ETL BI, DBMS, DW solution delivery activities (all stages of SDLC) - Stakeholder management (Vendors, Clients, internal teams) - Setup and configuration of vendor systems like General Ledger, FATCA CRS - EOD (end of day) Reporting systems    My core technical skillset is  - ETL BI technologies like Abinitio v2/v3, SSIS 2012, Informatica PowerCenter v9/v10
ia,An aspiring data analyst with experience working in manufacturing, B2B and wholesale business across a number of departments including engineering, sales, and marketing.,
5+ years of experience as SAS Developer/Data Analyst with Base SAS & Lean Six Sigma Green  Belt Certified. •	Extensive knowledge of SAS programming techniques and programs especially SAS 9.2/9.3/9.4,SQL &  Tableau •	Strong experience on Base & Advance SAS, SAS/STAT,SAS/Access/ODS/SQL in Windows and UNIX environment to generate various summary and listings reports •	Data Enrichment/Transformation and Data Visualization using Tableau •	ETL, Data Mapping & Validation, Data Quality Check, Report Creations •	Good knowledge of using SAS Visual Analytics,SAS Data Integration, SAS Enterprise Guide for UNIX & PC SAS for Windows •	Used Data manipulating Techniques for analytics data preparation such as SQL, Databases. •	Analytical, Data driven approach with an attention to detail •	Analyze large quantities of data generated from multiple sources like flat files, Excel, Database, Xpt
I am accustomed to working to meet strict deadlines and targets with an excellent knowledge in the areas of communication, working with initiative and dealing with individuals or group of individuals. I have the ability to learn fast in an environment.,
I am a big fan of Big Data, Cloud and Data Science. Presently working as a Data Engineer with strong problem-solving capabilities in complex situations. With over 11+ years of IT experience, Most of my work has been with the financial institutions representing both IT and the business.  Data Engineer/Data Analyst:  Responsible for setting and implementing a scalable big data strategy, building and training the team, and leading the way towards a data-driven product.  Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS technologies. Developed and managing DevOps CI/CD Jenkins pipelines for generating Airflow DAGs and deploying spark and Talend jobs. Design and build data processing pipelines using tools and frameworks in the Big data ecosystem. Hands-on experience with Hadoop YARN, AWS S3, Alluxio, Spark, SQL, Kubernetes,  OpenShift, and Python. Implemented Data Governance using Excel and Collibra
My role as an engineer and analyst serves as the brain of the organization when it comes to decision making. I collaborate with external and internal stakeholders to turn business insights into actionable solutions and optimize productivity through data analytics to keep up with the ever-changing industry.   Ability to embrace uncertainties and learn fast is crucial to keeping up with the trend. Above all, knowing that I am part of a company that builds products to power innovation and enable technology of tomorrow motivates me to strive even harder.,
An MBA graduate with an extensive experience of 9+ years in the areas of data sourcing and analysis, business process mapping, problem solving, reporting, along with a cross functional experience in delivering learning & development strategy, enabling individuals and teams to gain the skills, knowledge and capability they need to succeed in their roles. Seeking a pivotal role with a dynamic organization wherein accrued skills and expertise can be effectively utilized to make concrete contributions to the financial bottom-line of the organization.
Data Analyst at Spotlight Retail Group, passionate in problem solving and cooperating effectively with all departments within the Business.
I have worked in the IT industry for nearly 9 years now and have expanded my knowledge and explored many angles of IT including Business Analysis and Business process improvement and technical support as well as Project Delivery using Agile Methodologies.    Overcoming challenges and trying to achieve the best of myself is my daily goal.   “COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE IN LEADERSHIP”   Ambitious, highly focused and self-motivated individual with good business acumen, keen sense of thoroughness, accuracy, and eye for detail looking for a career in IT Project Management Result driven, accept responsibility and deal with issues professionally, swiftly and sensitively. Able to perform under pressure, and handle challenging situations using well developed analytical skills. Impeccable public relations, presentation and communication skills, complemented by a friendly and outgoing personality and personalized approach. Team player who will strive to create a positive and nurturing work environment. .    “SEEKS CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES WITH ENTHUSIASM TO IMPROVE MY SKILLS IN IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT”,
a rare team player who excels at bridging the gaps between technology & business, business & vision, organisation & customer. He has a reputation for building productive working relationships across management and operations teams, stakeholders and clients. His studies underline his passion for sustainable business practices. All this provides him the scaffolding to drive change within organisations with a natural focus being customer-centricity and innovation. Rajeev aspires to take on a new challenge and take a forward step in his career, bringing his proven technical & business aptitude  Areas of expertise: - Agile Methodologies - Project Management - Stakeholder management - Business process modelling - Project Reporting - Digital transformation - UX/UI - SEO techniques - Content management systems (CMS) - Requirements elicitation - Data analysis - Adult Learning - Course & Content Evaluation - Quality Assurance - Educational Technologies & Learning Management System (LMS) - Training Needs Analysis (TNA) - Learning Design - Higher Education - Research and Evaluation - Microsoft Office Suite
Friends call me painter of numbers, I love translating data sets into shapes, forms and colours, and narrate the stories data got to say to the world! Time to time I keep trying to emulate the weird new graphs, and see what different story they got to say! Tableau and QlikView are my favourite pallets, it gives me immense joy to squeeze the actionable insights out of huge unyielding data sets! I have been doing this for past 13 years, working with fortune clients - Facebook, GE, Nokia and The Nielsen, while working with teams across Europe, US, SE Asia and India.  Post graduated in computer science and software engineering, Led the technical teams that create wonderful data visualisations. When I am not graphing, I enjoy to explore the new places
I've joined, built and led Data Analytics teams in 2 prominent tech SEA startups (iflix and Carousell) - setting up core data infrastructure, developing new analytics programs / projects and scaling the org in tandem with business growth. In my cross functional data role(s), I've had the privilege to collaborate with and learn from diverse people across engineering, product, marketing, operations and commercial, as we worked together to shape consumer products in the SVOD and C2C Marketplace space.  I hope to apply these experiences and skillsets to continue building meaningful things and solving interesting problems, wherever my next stop is.
Yuhanis is a Data Analyst at Air Liquide. With sixteen (16) years’ experience in IT and business analysis, her skill involves data and business analysis, multilingual programming, database and system architecture design.  The knowledge gained from both technical and business career paths has allowed her to contribute in both fields and enabled her to make better judgements in decision makings and strategically solving issues.  With the current trend encompassing big data, she has attended AWS Specialist Training (Big Data on AWS) and completed her course in data science, organized by Johns Hopkins University, to be a certified professional in the industry – thoroughly involved in the development of state-of-the-art data prediction, in-depth reporting and data visualization.
A passionate and motivated analytics enthusiast. I am very excited about the  disruptive potential of synthesizing analytics with IoT. With the combination of these already disruptive technologies, it will enable all the possibilities of what living products can deliver.
Data-Driven analyst with 4 years of experience in Data Analytics across various domains including Finance, telecom and Healthcare. Proficient in mining large data sets, recommending actionable insights, and compelling data-driven storytelling.  • Programming Language: SQL, R, Python • Databases: MySQL, NoSQL(MongoDB, DynamoDb) • Big Data: ETL, Hadoop, Hive, Spark
Big data analytics is the next pillar for business growth. Stay relevant or be left behind.,
A Masters of information Systems graduate with over 6 months of experience, looking for opportunities to enhance Businesses through analytics and bridge gap between Business and IT. Seeking a career in a dynamic firm, to utilize prior experiences in business analysis, process mapping and data analysis to derive meaning insights
I am a Bachelor of Mathematics graduate from the University of Wollongong, as well as a final year student of a Postgraduate Diploma of Data Science at Monash University. I am a team player and enjoy contributing to group work and bonding with my classmates and colleagues.  My professional experience includes 3 years of consulting, platform training, analytics, statistical modelling, as well as optimisation research and development using SQL, R, Python, and DAX.  I am seeking to pursue mentorship from a senior data scientist who specialises in either Industry 4.0, computational mathematics or the health sector. I can offer my future mentor a keen mind as well as my time towards a research project from 2021 onwards.
a highly motived, adapted and responsible person with a passion for academic research and business analytics.  Market Consulting & Client Services:  I have carried out many consulting projects aimed at brand positioning, brand performance tracking, market segmentation, new product launch, and media buy decisions for major players in the automotive industry. I took a lot of responsibilities in client service, including pitching prospective clients, communicating and negotiating with the clients about the project requests, the timeline of the projects, and the progress of the projects, reporting and presenting recommendations to the clients.   Analytics and Market Research:  I have previously done modelling to calculate the brand equity of client's brands; I have done segmentation using cluster analysis; I have done choice modelling and conjoint analysis for clients to optimise new market offerings and the price; I have done competitive market analysis to help clients to reposition their brands and improve the overall brand competitiveness. I have a lot of experiences in various research methods, including surveys, in-depth interviews
Rising-senior at Singapore Management University majoring in Business and Computing. I'm passionate about leveraging technology and innovation to help accelerate progress towards a sustainable future.  My current areas of interest include driving sustainable development with technology, leadership challenges and character development through sports.   If you nerd out on basketball, have a go-to smoothie recipe and enjoy exchanging a good story, I think we'll get along!  Let's do something together!
People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it...... And it's those who start with why that have the ability to inspire those around them or find others who inspire them. - Simon Sinek,
1st Place - Hack&Roll @NUS 2019  Best Cloud Solution Award - INTUition Hackathon @NTU 2019  3rd Place - Singapore-India Hackathon @NTU 2018  4th Place - Build On AWS-Govtech-NUS Challenge 2019  Junior Computer Science Undergraduate well versed in the Financial Markets, Data Science, and Software Engineering domains.  As Featured on: Singapore University of Technology and Design: 1) https://istd.sutd.edu.sg/news-events/event/news/student-team-wins-4th-prize-in-build-on-challenge/ 2) https://wearesutd.sutd.edu.sg/sutd-ents/ai-and-analytics-in-singapore-airlines/ 3) https://issuu.com/gtimediaasia/docs/sutd_2020  Global Indian International School: 1) https://news.globalindianschool.org/pg-smartcampus/giis-alumni-at-third-position-in-singapore-india-hackathon-2018  During my time in university, I have:   • Gained internship experiences - in some of the top firms in Finance, Oil/Energy Trading and Airline industries   • Pursued knowledge in my areas of interest, on top of university modules - through online courses and certifications   • Won competitions - through working in teams on innovative solutions, that leveraged advanced analytics and state-of-the-art algorithms   • Held various positions in organizations on campus  Through these experiences, I have developed exceptional problem-solving, communication and leadership skills. My interests encompass Data Science, Commodities trading, Quantitative Finance, Derivatives, Macro Research and Software Engineering.  Feel free to get in touch with me at rahulbhatta26@gmail.com.,
I am a methodical and detail-focused person who is technically savvy and comfortable working with new technologies and analytical techniques. I am adept in R, Python, SQL,Tableau,Power BI,QuickSight along with a foundation of experience in data cleansing and data analysis. My technical skills are complemented with a drive to support stakeholders to achieve their goals by providing accurate insights and predictions to support effective decision making. Key skills include: •	Proficient: R, Python, EXCEL,SQL,Tableau  •	Familiar with: Hadoop, JavaScript, HTML
 Malaysia,data analysis, data visualization etc,
I’m a quick study, an efficient worker, and adaptable to changes and high-pressure situations, I get along with others and work well alone. I’m first-rate at solving problems and thrive at overcoming challenges and all obstacles. I’m graduating with a Master of Science Data Science for Business with a distinction award and my dissertation (Library Inventory Optimisation Using Constrained Temporal Association Model) is pending publication in Journal of Artificial Intelligence and Soft Computing Research academic journal. I’m proficient in modelling in Python and R, from scikit-learn to caret to Keras and equipped with effective communication skills to deliver solutions to key stakeholders through insightful visualisations.,
Graduate of an inter disciplinary degree, Business Analytics at the National University of Singapore.  Be it spending a month interning in the analytics team in Nokia, or working on creating an app in the field of nutrition or spending a month in Fiji working under an ian company, Project Everest, trying to use artificial intelligence and various data collecting methods using drones to help Fijian farmers as part of a social enterprise, I have always wanted to challenge myself to try new things.   Along with my various work experiences and internships, I would not be a complete person without two things - arts and adventure. Be it being a child artist in various drama shows, debating at a National level in my secondary school, being part of the choir for 4 years, learning the keyboard under Trinity guildhall for 8 years, getting trained in classical Indian dance or getting one of my short stories published when I was 16, I am a true admirer the arts. Also, being an adrenaline junkie, I would go to any extent to try the most extreme and uncomfortable activities
Data Analyst with experience in ETL, Business Intelligence, Data Migration, Data Science & Analytics projects across Retail, Consumer Goods, Banking, Insurance, Healthcare Energy and Human Capital Management domains •Demonstrated experience in various roles pertaining to Data Analysis & Consulting, building Business Intelligence (BI), Data Science and Analytic solutions  •Experienced at identifying and integration of new internal or external datasets required to complete the analysis and enhance the validity, expectedness, and accuracy of models •Ability to understand the context of Business Intelligence scenarios and identify Data Analytics opportunities •Demonstrated ability to Analyze Data and derive unique insights for Visualization and Narratives. This would involve communicating the research findings through visualizations and well-documented analysis •Skilled in Predictive Insights through the effective usage of applied analytics
EDUCATION:  King’s College London, United Kingdom        September 2016 - January 2018 • Masters in Advanced Computing with Management. • Modules: Data Structures and its implementation in C++, Algorithm design, Cryptography, Network Security, Project Management and Principles of Management.  Calicut University, India                           June 2010 - April 2014 • Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science.  SKILLS: • Languages: Java, C++, SQL, Java script, C3 JavaScript, Basics of Python and R • Strong analytical and quantitative skills along with good verbal communication skills. • Advanced knowledge of Excel and Visual Basic. • Expertise on data visualization and reporting tools like Power BI, Tableau and QlikView. • Good understanding of data analysis with an excellent eye for detail. • Able to perform complex research and analysis to help business operations and processes.,
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry. Data analytics specifically in data mining, BI reporting and data visualization are my forte. Highly skilled in SQL querying and using analytics tools such as Tableau, Google Data Studio, etc. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Communications Engineering from International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM).
People-oriented, analytical, pragmatic, and dynamic, with having a highly creative nature.  precise and meticulous Data Analyst passionate about helping businesses succeed.  Possessing strong technical skills. Competent and Self-motivated with an organized, enthusiastic and focused approach to work. Highly goal-oriented and results-driven and eager to learn new skills and technologies and develop  my career in the organization.,
I've recently studied at Data Science Immersive course in Melbourne, ia, where I learned to take my passion for data analysis and apply it to the real world.  Through this course, I gained an appreciation for statistical methods like A/B testing and Bayesian analysis, and a deep understanding of various machine learning algorithms, their implementations and their applications.  At the end of the program I delivered a capstone project that used to predict Churn of Customers in  Retail Sector by using Logistics Regression and Time Series modelling in Python.  I have good experience in the Data Analysis. Through my various roles,  I've developed expertise in analysing and processing market data to support trading activities.  At university I graduated with Advanced Mathematics and attained my master degree in Computer Science.
I am a data analytics professional with a firm belief that data is the next wave in our industrial revolution and evolution. It is going to be the metaphorical energy source for modern businesses.,
Sachin is a Analytics consultant with about 10 years of professional experience for clients in Consulting ,Business Intelligence & Data analytics.  He has demonstrated excellence in building client relationships, translating business requirements into technology solutions, and conceptualising data visualisations and providing analytical solutions.  He is experienced in database design and architecture, ETL, Data integration, Data modelling for online transaction processing (OLTP), Data Conversion and Data warehouse Technologies. He has been applying his skills to design a scalable infrastructure to support standardized practice operations and processes for all aspects of data management: data ingestion, data transformation, data storing and classification.  He has a proven ability in implementing innovative solutions to meet complex business requirements.  Service Sector: Finance | Retail | Banking  Skills: MS SQL, DTS, SSIS
Reporting and Process Improvement Analyst with a solid grounding in the ian utilities industry Skills:  Data Modelling, Reporting, Visualisation and Analysis, SQL, Excel Power Reporting stack (Power Query/Pivot, Power BI & Tableau) Experience in Call Centre and Billing Invoicing and Credit Reporting, passion for providing innovation and developing ideas into workable solutions.,
Business Analyst/Data analyst with almost 7 years of experience and knowledge of creating intuitive reports by interpreting the raw data into meaningful information to improve business strategies and decisions. Expertise in a wide range of data analysis and visualization including MS BI Stack, Tableau, Power BI. Having sound knowledge of SDLC and STLC phases. Experience in ETL Informatica and Datawarehouse applications. A high-energy professional with very good analytical and problem-solving skills.,
I solve problems and build things, usually through programming, but sometimes not. I also write, teach and present ideas.   I run a blog at tomroth.com.au, mostly about data science.
A bright, talented and self-motivated leaner who prides himself on his willingness to undertake projects of his own choosing to better understand the industry. Excels at problem solving, logical thinking and patterns. Always relishes the opportunity to learn new skills and enhancing existing ones.
I have completed my MIS ( Master of Information Systems ) from Deakin University, Melbourne ia.  I have worked for almost 2 years as a Software Engineer in AtoS India, I have worked on various projects as a tester, developer as well as on support. I have also worked on a project as a team lead and have given KT (Knowledge and training) session to my subordinates on Basics of Java and .NET framework.  I have also worked with a non-pro fit organization, Saras.care, in Melbourne as an internee and have worked as Analyst Programmer Intern.  Currently I'm working in Woolworths, ia's one of the leading retailers, as a Front end Team member as well as Bakery Team Member from more than a year.  Previous to this, I have wokred with Marketing company XPO Brands and electicity / gas sales retail company Simply Energy.,
Data Analyst who has completed a Master's degree in Information Technology with a major in Data Analytics from University of Technology Sydney.   She has a strong technical background and an experience of working in the Retail Banking department of a world renowned Bank as a Software Engineer. She enjoys programming, working with databases and creating data visualizations using different tools. She has a passion for Data Science and loves to push herself to undertake new challenges.   Mrunmayi has a perfect blend of technical abilities, creative thinking and customer service skills that can empower businesses through effective decision-making.  Outside of work, Mrunmayi is a baking enthusiast who enjoys discussions on anything from Data Science, Artificial Intelligence to baking and travelling over a cup of coffee.
I have recently graduate in Master of applied statistics from Macquarie University. I am enthusiastic about using analytical and mathematical methods that can be used in real-world problems. Coming from mathematical background I believe correctly phrasing the question is the key to find the answer and I have tried to implemented this idea in my analysis.  I have experienced in programming in C/C++. However, I got introduced to R and Python and I got passionate about learning new packages. I enjoy programming in differentiate platform and I try to build models in either of them. In my free time besides working on opensource data sets, I enjoy learning in about new discoveries in different disciplines and I believe it has given inspiration through my life and career.    . https://github.com/GHALTAK
Data Scientist interested in the democratisation of Machine Learning and Data-driven challenges. Equipped with a demonstrated history of translating business problems into technical implementations, providing solutions to Supply Chain, Advertising, HR and Physics related problems using data visualisation, simulations, and Deep Learning techniques.,surisolnishko,
A technical specialist with 17 years of experience across multiple countries and industries. I have a proven track record in SAS and SQL development including solution design architecture and am looking to advance my career in an environment that uses the latest cutting edge technologies.,
data science professional with interest in predictive analytics, big data analytics, machine learning, text analytics and statistical modelling to solve interesting and novice business problems. Currently work to analyze customer journeys and pain points, make customers joyful by real-time analytics. Have hands on experience in Python, Pyspark, R, SQL and Excel.
Data Science Analyst with 2+ years of relevant experience in data field and 6+ years overall. Living in Singapore on Dependent Pass.  Worked as a Data Specialist/Business Analyst in DBS Bank and interned in Hewlett Packard Enterprise under data science team, graduated from Singapore Management University in Master's of IT in Business (Analytics) with 3.05 GPA (out of 4.0).  In my free time, I get my hands dirty on ML/DL and AI projects. Currently I am working in the field of NLP, image classification, computer vision and object detection.  Technical skills: R, Python (pandas, numpy, matplotlib, Keras, Tensorflow, NLTK, gensim), Tableau, Power BI
How much do I love food? I have curated a spreadsheet of approximately 1,000 food and beverage establishments in Singapore that I shared with a couple of hundred people around the world.  More importantly, I am a mental health and environment/sustainability activist who is most intrigued by neuroplasticity, growth, learning, finance, happiness, and vulnerability.  A highly driven and ambitious individual, who takes pride in responsibilities at hand. I am inquisitive, analytical, meticulous... and bubbly. Looking to go global!
I am passionate about technology and discovering new ideas with potential to grow businesses and help the development of people and the society.I am a creative and holistic thinker who is always open to ideas from others, but also able to use my own initiative. I have developed IT skills and soft skills such as teamwork, leadership, communication, coordination, complex problem solving, critical thinking, decision making, attention to detail and time management through various volunteer, extra-curricular activity and work experiences.
Aspiring statistical undergraduate who is unafraid to get his hands dirty and is hungry for a robust role to further improve critical analytic skill and gain insightful experience by putting theory into practice.,
 a data analyst, I get nosy with data. I assist clients in their decision-making process using their business data. This involves developing executive and operational dashboards in Tableau, customer profiling and segmentation, reporting, manipulating & analysing datasets, data audit and campaign analysis using tools such as SQL, R, Python, KNIME, Power BI and Microsoft Excel.  Over the span of my career, I have been exposed to different types of datasets and different industries ranging from gaming
Resourceful self-starter with data analysis experience. Trained Data Analytics Professional with experience in SAS, Tableau and Qlikview.  Completed training at SAS for the Business Intelligence and Analytics Program (This covers Programming, Data Mining, Statistical Analysis and Data Visualisation using the SAS Software Suite).    Previous Experience includes accounting, management reporting, data analysis and project management in a banking environment.
Tableau expert, big data analyst- specialisation in visual analytics, stats professional, Storyteller
Versatile tech professional with over a decade of experience in a variety of roles, including project management,  artificial intelligence, data analytics, and web application development.   A believer of ‘when you learn, teach. when you get, give’, I volunteer as a youth career guide, at technology conferences and hackathon,
As a reliable and communicative person with strong data skills, I am very proactive and enjoy finding solutions to complex business problems. I enjoy working with statistics and consider myself an intuitive, hard working and true team player.,
Banking technologies, Data science, Manchester United.,
I scrutinize information using data analysis tools. I pull from the raw data to help my employers or clients make important decisions by identifying v,Being a number person, data analytics is always a career path that I wish to pursue. Thanks to 2 years in Master of Analytics at RMIT, I have developed solid data analysis skills as well as a sound understanding of data science concepts. Graduated with Distinction, I can confidently apply these knowledge to a wide variety of different problems and contexts as well as analyse and interpret important findings and insights meaningfully for stakeholders. My particular interest is in analysing time series data, detecting anomalous patterns and forecasting over short and long time periods.  SKILLS •	Frame the problem •	Collect, process and explore data using advanced Excel, R, SAS, SQL or Python •	Perform in-depth analysis with time series, machine learning •	Communicate data through reports, data visualisation using basic or dynamic charts, dashboards with ggplot2, Plot.ly
Specialties: Synergetic Management System, Workday, Sharepoint, SQL Server, T-SQL, Crystal Report, PowerBI, Azure, AWS, Office 365
An analyst with an interest in everything ranging from data science to music. I seek opportunities that push me to learn new skills and meet people that can expand my view.    Check out the online resume I did: http://bernielow.tech/,
A data science enthusiast who likes to derive meaningful insights from data according to the business need. Completed M.Tech in Knowledge Engineering from NUS-ISS. During coursework did various projects on analytics and data mining. Previous work experience in data cleaning, transformation and analytics.
Technical skills  • Data manipulation: SAS system, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, SQLite, Oracle SQL, PostgreSQL • Web development: C# .Net, JavaScript, PHP, Laravel, Blade,  RESTful web services, HTML, CSS
Data geek keen to enable data-driven decision making through quality reporting & analytics for stakeholders. I am currently working with geo- spatial data, developing a product at Propella to help businesses make decisions in property market.  Key skills: • R programming, Python, Javascript, SQL, React,D3js, HTML and CSS • Azure for data storage. • Shiny app for creating dashboard to visualise and get insights.  Mobile: 0481339548 Email: jasonmisquitta@ymail.com
I am a data analyst and researcher with diverse technical, analytical and communication skills and a passion for problem-solving.  Skilled in Critical Thinking, designing Algorithms, Machine Learning, SQL, SAS, R, Python, IBM Watson, Tableau. Strong IT professional with a Master's degree focused in Analytics from Deakin University.
Sydney, ia,With 5+ years experience in developing data-driven solutions in Data Warehouse and BI (Business Intelligence) environment including ： Data Warehousing, BI Reporting, Data Analysis, etc.   Tech Skills Sets: Data Warehousing: Teradata, Oracle, MS SQL Server BI: Cognos, Tableau, SAP BO Dashboards, SSRS Database: MySQL, Sybase
I came from various backgrounds, including automotive, aerospace, composite materials, and data analytics. Years of involvement in the many industries does not make me a specialist nor skilled at one particular field. It teaches me how to solve problems and understand situations deeper than anyone else. I might not move at lightning pace, but I prefer to accelerate with knowledge rather than anything else. I am all ears when it comes to problem solving and looking forward to help others.,Ir_Ayen,
A Finance and Investment Banking student.  Self-driven and motivated to be a fund manager. Seeking to obtain a challenging position in a dynamic and fast paced professional office environment, where my skills will add value to organizational operations.  Constantly participating in educational extra-curricular activities like “Young Investment Banker Weekend” by InvestIN and ‘Professional Trading Masterclass (PTM)’ by Institute of Trading and Portfolio Management to keep up with the best in the industry.,
Partnering banks to accelerate their Data, Analytics and AI digital transformation journey through adopting future-proof platforms that provide the foundation for innovation in creating hyper-personalised customer experiences and efficient operational processes.
Worked in Different sectors successfully with a great attention to detail and Interpersonal skills.. Love to learn emerging analysis tools.   Operations coordinator with more than one year of experience in order processing, business management and computer services who worked closely with the business team and monitored the accuracy of business process ordering from implementation to execution.,
A Data Analyst with masters Research degree and experience. It is always good to engage with new people, building up great connectivity network. In summary, an entertaining science nerd who is thirsty for more knowledge and skills!,
A highly passionate data analytics professional who advocates for using data science to deliver meaningful insights that drive business decisions and actions. Well versed in Statistical Modelling, Machine Learning (ML), Predictive Modelling, Data Mining, SQL, etc. Zeinab has strong analytical skills with a Doctor of Philosophy in engineering with years of professional experience in applying data science solutions in diverse industries. She is an effective communicator who can translate complicated ideas into simple concepts. Loves learning and researching new topics. She is also familiar with big data technologies, e.g. Hadoop and Spark as well as data warehousing.,
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle  A 2018 graduate from Singapore Management University, having completed my Bachelor's degree in Economics and Analytics, I am passionately interested and working as an interlocutor in cross-functional roles involving the data analytics, economic development strategies and climate policy. In the past, I have been involved in academic research on agrarian and rural poverty, plastic waste disposal and management, education policy and other public sectors.  I am presently co-authoring a paper with Dr. John Donaldson, titled “Exploitation, Power and Choice: an economic modelling of exploitative conditions in monopoly labour markets in developing countries” looking into adapting traditional economic labour model to capture choiceless-ness as a cause for exploitative circumstances.  I find fields and studies that explore the intersection of technology and policy - and use data-powered approaches to understand the areas that are at the forefront of how our world is changing - to be the best way to find the best path forward.  The world is progressively growing increasingly complicated and apathetic. We are inundated with causes, concerns and a chronic anxiety seems to pervade our society. In this age, the more I am exposed to our options for the future, the more I am convinced that there is an obvious need for smarter kaizen-solutions
I am Data Enthusiast with 4 years of relevant experience with a blend of both IT and business. I am interested in providing solutions to the business by implementing data analysis methods, machine learning algorithms & also passionate in unearthing insights from data that drive business towards success.  I also hold a Master’s Degree in Data Science & Analytics(Knowledge Engineering) from National University of Singapore (NUS). I have also interned with Scoot Airlines as a Data Science Intern with the BI team and have successfully created a Customer Segmentation Model. Adding to it I have had an experience of 2.9 years in TCS India where I worked in Banking and Financial Services (BFS) for Morgan Stanley where my work was involved in exploring, collecting & analysing the application data and providing solutions to resolve the issues faced by the Financial Advisors in the Wealth Management department of the bank.  My current interest and experiences are in: Data Analysis (end to end), Customer Analytics,  -->Analytical methods: statistical modelling (e.g., linear regression, time series), supervised machine learning (e.g., random forests, neural networks), unsupervised methods(e.g., K-Means, segmentation/clustering), text mining
I have 3+ years of experience as a System Administrator/ Helpdesk at Accenture, Philippines. My professional experience includes diagnosing and addressing network issues, maintaining the highest level of network security and educating users on the latest system updates.
I am versatile, focused and detail oriented with extensive Data analysis and implementation consultancy (TOGAF 9 certified) experience in Information Technology solutions. Solid career professional with proven track record of delivering results and building relationships with stakeholders at various levels.  Knowledgeable and with demonstrable experience in the following: ●	SCRUM Agile Methodology ●	Waterfall Software Development Life Cycle ●	User Experience (UX) design using Balsamiq  ●	Business Process Modelling using UML, Use Case and Data Flow Diagram ●	SQL query and database schema ●	TFS Visual Studio, Jira and Confluence ●	Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Word) ●	XML / XSD / XSLT ●	HTML, CSS and JavaScript ●	SSRS, SSSIS and Power BI
Curious individual who loves looking into loop holes and blockages of a system within the company. Subsequently, go crazy over data driven analysis towards developing sustainable solutions.
I got fascinated when talking about big data distributed system and architecture design