Applying AI in Market Analytics
January 13 Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working experience in the Artificial Intelligence field
I am a Computer Science Graduate with a major in Data Science and experience in Predictive Machine Learning models and Data Pre-Processing. I have 1+ of experience in data wrangling analysis and prediction using Python. 
I am a data scientist cookie baker
With a keen interest in statistics from a young age
Experienced Junior Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language)
Currently working as a Data Scientist at Datapravid.  #Worked as a full-stack developer at Zeksta Technologies.  #Done Internship during Masters at one bit private limited.  #Postgraduate from Pondicherry Central Univerisity Computer Science Department. #Interests are Machine Learning
As a Data Scientist at BlackLine I work to develop machine learning models for financial close solutions.  My research work focuses on innovating and designing applications using machine learning specifically deep learning technologies. I am passionate about creating efficient solutions to solve challenging problems in interdisciplinary research areas. 
An avid learner and have recently completed master’s in data science from Northeastern university Boston
Data Science student and former data storage engineer seeking summer 2020 internship. Experienced developing software and analyzing data for physics and engineering projects. Values transparent communication and strong relationships with stakeholders to deliver impactful results. 
BA in Mathematics with a demonstrated history in software development and data analytics. 
SQL | R  | Tableau | SAS | SPSS | Advanced Excel | Quick Learner | Team Player | Business Analyst |  - 1+ years Financial/Accounting related working experience. - Bachelor’s Degree in Business and Psychology and Master's degree in Business Analytics. - Knowledge of data cleaning application of statistical techniques
Junior Data Scientist working in the data science industry. Skilled in data cleaning and preparation using Python and working with a variety of modeling techniques to make predictions on future data. 
Junior Data Scientist with nearly two years of relevant experience. Solving real-world problems. 
history of working in the computer software industry. SQLPython
A committed Data Science & Machine learning professional able of providing Data driven solutions leveraging skills from3.5  Years of experience & knowledge in Machine Learning
Data scientist and veteran leader. 
Masters in Mechatronics System Engineering with a specialization in Smart materials. Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering 
Biologist turned Data Scientist I am a recent Computer Science graduate with an extensive background in Biology. I bring solid experience in academic research critical thinking technical communication
entry level Data Scientist I aspire to build models that translate data points into business insights and also eager to use my skills and apply the same knowledge to real-world problems.  I want to expand my technical skills by working in an organisation with an opportunity in the Data Science domain. 
Data Scientist at AIG | Master's in Data Analytics from Dublin Business School |  Skills
Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Machine Learning Statistics
Machine learning and Deep learning enthusiast with a passion for turning structured/unstructured data into actionable insights that helps in making better informed and data-driven decisions.  I enjoy working with data​: Data exploration
I'm currently a Junior Data Scientist at MassMutual.  I was a Mathematics and Data Analytics double major with a minor in Economics and an Actuarial Science focus at Denison University graduated in May 2019.  • Technical Skills: R
I am passionate about using data science to improve marketing outcomes with the goal of maximizing customer retention and optimizing the profitability of both online and offline marketing initiatives.  As former and current supervisors
Santa Clara California 
A highly versatile and energetic Data Scientist that's knowledgeable in Big Data machine learning predictive modeling and curiously learning the latest skillsets to stay up to date in the data science field.   Technical Skills: - Python
Data Scientist | Machine Learning Engineer | 
I'm a Junior Data Scientist at the MGM-owned premium TV network EPIX. Being part of the data science team
I am a data science professional with eight years' experience identifying patterns in large and complex data. I am well-versed in machine learning techniques and more traditional statistical methods especially pertaining to time series. I have worked both directly for technology firms and as a consultant to government agencies and private enterprises. I enjoy working with small diverse groups to carry out the data science process from conception through delivery. 
Self-Motivated.  Life-Long Learner. Data is everywhere
Area of interests include Big Data Engineering Database design and  Machine Learning. 
A Data Science & computer science MS graduate with interests in  Machine Learning Big Data and Statistical Analysis.  Seeking full time opportunities  assisting  a company turning data into actionable insights.   Skills: - Languages: Python R
Technology enthusiast with good exposure in C++
Passionate towards utilizing data science machine learning
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Defense & Space industry. Skilled in Java
Computer Vision and Machine Learning enthusiast. 
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Interpreting Data
Data Scientist with hands-on experience applying machine learning deep learning
Data enthusiast with strong analytical creative and communication skills 
I’m Alex. I have fun predicting what the future will look and feel like and I’m interested in companies that want to change it. I'm skilled at interfacing between people and computers. I can translate what code is doing into something intelligible by most humans
I am a recent graduate from UC Berkeley with a degree in Applied Mathematics and a focus on Statistics. I am interested in data analysis and statistical machine learning as well as data visualization. I am a competitive chess player and tennis player and am passionate about their logical intersection: Sports Analytics. 
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Analytical Skills
Physics taught me that you can't passively observe the universe and hope to get anywhere -- you have to actively engage with it scrutinizing every detail to learn the underlying story of what drives it forward.  The dynamic nature of physics is what makes it fun for me: you should never be OK with  I don't know.   Data Science works in the same paradigm which is what drives me to start my career as a data scientist. When I'm not working I enjoy morning runs listening to Geopolitics podcasts or relieving stress in the gym
Having three years of experience in the industry and a background in Applied Mathematics I am part of the MS in Data Science program at Columbia University. After a fantastic summer internship at Airbnb I will graduate this December (2019)
 Solution-driven Data Scientist with strong statistical and financial background and over 2 years of experience in data processing and cleaning using predictive modeling and data mining algorithms to solve challenging business problems. Skilled in Python and core libraries (NumPy SciPy
 October 23 Seeking a data scientist position with significant project experiences in various areas. Including machine learning data engineering
 Gold Medalist from NIT
 Experienced data scientist.  Track record of developing and deploying operational analytics in the military and industry. Skilled in statistical and analytic programming Systems Engineering
 I am a data scientist. I am enthusiastic about Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. My goal is to be a Principal Data Scientist in Next 3-5 Years. I not only emphasize on knowing more about Machine Learning but also Statistics
 Experienced and results-oriented technical professional and thought leader specialized in machine learning development deployment and integration centered around pipeline optimization. Skilled in solutions engineering and architecting
 By trade and by passion I am a data scientist
 -Project experience with the following machine learning/data mining algorithms: Regularized Regression Logistic Regression KNN
 I am a Math and Data Science major at Cal Poly with a passion for finance data science
 I am a data scientist with a background in architecture and urbanism.  My current motivation is to use data to provide actionable insights into the planet's complex ecosystem of problems.  Check out my data projects on medium published in Towards Data Science:  Medium la  Prediction and Customer Segementation:  Pamaland1  Prior to founding GUS
 Skilled data scientist that understands the business value and also the mathematics behind implementing machine learning/deep learning models. I've used machine learning for decision making assessing risk
 Data scientist with eight years of experience in structured energy finance. Proficient in transforming data into optimized business decisions.  Technical skills: Python: Pandas NumPy SciPy
 J2 visa holder with a valid Employment Authorization in the US. Visa sponsorship is NOT required in the US.  I have a PhD in Physics plus 3 years of industry experience as a Data Scientist amounting to 7+ years of data-related work. I had a key role in the international expansion of Neoway by managing projects with US customers. Also I mentored Data Science Master's students on R&D projects in NLP
 Learn End to End Data Science. Please Subscribe here: Problem Solver.  Please FOLLOW if you'd like to keep reading my posts. I have exhausted the number of connections I can possibly have. 
 Working as a junior data scientist and collaborating with various teams and individuals across Sherwin Williams. My strengths lie in data analysis computer programming
 As a Data Enthusiast I am deeply excited by the impact data mining and machine learning will have in solving previously realizable deep-rooted business problems. I want to be part of the revolution that is going to redefine how companies leverage data to provide never imagined extraordinarily personalized services and products.  The learning opportunity while building data products using statistics
 Self-motivated data scientist proficient in Python and R with an academic background in Mathematics and secondary education. Professional experience includes four years as an account and sales manager in the Interior Design Industry in Sydney Australia; U.S. Department of Commerce 
 Experienced as a Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python 
 M.S. in Data Science Program graduated from St. Johns University. Seeking an opportunity in data science or business analysis field. Experienced with programming languages: SQL/MySQL(ETL) Python(NumPy
 Proficient in using Python and R to analyze data and build machine learning models. Good at SQL Hadoop
 DJ Patil has held a variety of roles in Academia Industry and Government.   He is Head of Technology for Devoted Health
 Currently working with data across various domains
 Data Scientist Machine Learning specialist with experience in both programming and data mining. Expertise in predictive analysis and identifying and solving business related problems.  Former Student - Athlete and I live by one simple rule. Give 100% effort or don't do it at all. This personal promise has changed my life and has taught me that passion ultimately drives my goals. MattEvanoff24 
 As a Bioinformatics Data Scientist at Greenlight Biosciences  I employ Data Science and Machine Learning techniques for the integrative analysis of Next Generation Sequencing data using high-throughput methods. I enjoy answering compelling questions to enable discovery and novel insights from Big Data.  I am a certified Data science instructor at Carpentries and Datacamp. In addition to teaching Data Science and programming
 Tableau Desktop Qualified Associate Dell EMC Data Science Associate and a Certified Scrum Product Owner.  •	Currently working on implementing Natural Language Processing in the Finance sector. 
 A Data Scientist and software engineer with 4+ years' industry experience in devops data pipelines
 Experienced Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) focused in Computer Engineering.  Skills: Languages: R Python
 Graduated from a double master's degree in Computer Science between my Engineer school in Angers France and the Illinois Institute of Technology in 
I am Vyjayanthi but I also go by VJ!  Right out of college with a Bachelor's degree in IT
Working to make your data tell a story!!  Graduated from NIT Raipur in 2018
 Self-motivated Machine Learning Engineer Master’s in Statistics | DS at Columbia University with 2 years of ML and DL experience
 I have more than seven years of progressive data science and machine learning expertise having spearheaded myriad data analyses from the ground up across numerous organizations
 Data Science Manager
 Working as a Data Scientist at Walmart Labs. Graduate student of Business Analytics at University of Texas at Dallas. Bachelor in Computer Engineering from Vishwakarma Institute of Technology Pune
 Resourceful multifaceted water resources engineer turned data geek on a mission to make meaningful contributions in any way I can. With my grit and my unrelenting commitment to making a difference
 Passionate about data science
In transition from Web Development to Data Analytics and Business Intelligence.  Committed to constant Learning and Expanding my Skills
 I am a Data Engineer
 Microsoft Certified Data Scientist with capability of translating business problems into research question
 Enabling one of the largest tech giants with making smarter decisions by leveraging Math
 September 3 Autonomous vehicles enthusiast prototyper and tinkerer. I love robots
 Scikit-Learn Contributor || Deep Learning Researcher || Data Science || Statistical Machine Learning || Reinforcement Learning || Business Intelligence || Algorithm Optimization || AI in Finance 
 I am a Data Scientist/Analyst and Biomedical Informatics PhD candidate with specialization in generating insight from data. I have experience developing data-driven analytical strategies that address meaningful problems. Skills: Data Analysis Data Visualization
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of prototyping and deploying production ready machine learning solutions 
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer networking industry. Skilled in Python Machine Learning
 Currently a Data Scientist on the Instagram Home team Marlene has worked on key user-facing product algorithms like News Feed
 I am interested in challenging problems that involve software development and algorithms design. Currently I am a Data Scientist at Fico. 
 A dedicated professional focused on reaching new heights by constantly improvising skills in the field of Data Mining
 November 30 I am passionate about working with numbers and working with people
 I am an experienced analytics professional with a true passion for data science/data analyses. I am looking forward to applying my knowledge and a deep love for Mathematics/Statistics to solve challenging and exciting problems in industry using state of the art machine learning techniques.  I love analyzing data using these tools to create meaningful insights. I am looking for opportunities that would give me such problems to solve because I find it extremely gratifying to be part of a team that applies datasets to solve exciting problems using Machine Learning.  Skills: Python (Numpy Pandas
 Data Scientist with experience in product development marketing experiment
 I really like machine learning  data science
 I have 4+ years of professional experience in the analysis design development and testing. Motivated by a desire to improve and participate in solving difficult problems. Dedicated to improving quality and giving my best effort in everything that I do. Graduated from the University of Utah in Information Systems with a concentration on Data Analytics and Predictive Modelling. Excellent academic credentials (GPA: 3.97) with a strong background in Math and Statistics and strong communication and presentation skills.  Tools and technologies that I have worked on: •	Analytical tools: Tableau
Strong passion and skillsets to solve user growth and engagement problems •	Strong product leadership ability to identify opportunities build roadmap influence cross-function
 My interests include Machine Learning
data Scientist with a passion for turning data into actionable insights
Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Retail
Currently working in Zensar Technologies as a Jr. Data Scientist for last 2.9 years. And I am deeply motivated for ML and AI 
A passionate and self-driven researcher interested in data mining big data analytics and machine learning. 
 Presented a research work at Workshop at NeurIPS (NIPS) 2018 Montreal  Invited teacher of “Deep Learning” course for MSc Students at KSE Teacher of  Computer Vision  course for Master Students at UCU University 2018  Contributed to an Open Source projects https://github.com/Cadene/pretrained-models.pytorch
 I am a collaborative driven and multifaceted Boston College 2020 graduate with a B.S. degree in Biochemistry. Supplementing my time in university
 Strategy-focused data scientist with 5 years of experience applying quantitative methods to interesting business questions.  I make very good use of my philosophy degree. 
 Junior Data Scientist and Industrial Engineer/Operations Researcher with 4+ years of academic/project work and industry experience. Combined data analysis and mathematical optimization to build production web services for assignment problems and real-time prediction. Industry experience in statistics mathematical optimization
 Data Scientist seeking out interesting problems. 
 I am a machine learning enthusiast and data scientist with over 2 years of experience building training and optimizing neural network architectures to solve challenging problems using
 Researching small business dynamics at the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Passionate about using big data to inform decision makers explain consumer behaviour and drive positive change. Experience include analytical work in retail
 Self -motivated Data Scientist experienced in handling Big Data. Adapt at communicating with Business Intelligence team to report the key insights of data to assess organization needs. With a background in computer engineering and statistics. Core competencies include Data extraction
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the retail and consulting industries. Skilled in Machine Learning Deep Learning
 Passionate about using data to advance people decisions.  Expertise: Strategic Workforce Planning; Retention analytics; Learning analytics; Employee value proposition; Organizational Health  Undergraduate background in Applied Math Statistics and Finance. CFA level I (passed)  Masters degree in Learning Analytics. 
 March 20 Enthusiastic about Data Science
 Data scientist and machine learning engineer. Worked on a variety of projects from prototype/POC modeling exercises to production-ready systems builds usually from scratch. Broad experience with statistical learning
 August 2 To be continued... 
 Personal website: dylanrandle.github.io 
 Understanding how maths Experience: ​3-years: Python R Git
 Data Science professional with 5 + years of experience. My current area of focus is unravelling consumer behaviour in retail/ecommerce using the ever evolving suite of ML/statistical models and empowering the business by building such insight generating data science products. 
 I work as a NLP Data Scientist at GumGum where I tackle interesting NLP problems in the Digital Ads space. I graduated with Masters in Computer Science from Arizona State University with my thesis in the area of Natural Language Processing.  To pursue my interest in the Data Science and Analytics field I have been focused in research in the area of Natural Language Processing. My Thesis is about improving Textual Entailment which is an important precursor to all Natural Language Question Answering systems. Other areas of my research work include Clinical Natural Language Processing(NLP) which involves applying the techniques of NLP on the Electronic Health Records to automate and aid various Health Care Domain participants.   I also worked part-time as a Data Analyst at Enterprise Marketing Hub in ASU tackling marketing use cases for ASU involving Text Analytics
 I started my Computer Science Journey with Full Stack Android Programmer then switched to Data Science. My current work revolves around Research in NLP for vernacular Languages and also Deploying  ML/DL models to production.  I also host regular meetups in Bengaluru with the name Entirety.ai and Recently I have been selected as the  Event Ambassador for Pie and AI meetups by deeplearning.ai. 
 October 2 In the short run I enjoy analyzing data to reveal hidden business insights. In the long run
 Mixed-methods data science researcher and leader. 7+ years experience in quantitative qualitative social research and analysis conducted autonomously and collaboratively across project life-cycles. Skilled at collecting
 
 Professional experience of 3 years in Data mining and Machine Learning. Well partitioned in Data preprocessing and preparation Feature engineering for both structured and unstructured datasets. Hands-on experience with the classification
 PhD in Statistics with a broad background and a variety of skills including statistical learning and data mining statistical data analysis such as multivariate data analysis
 
Electronics & Communication Engineering Graduate with strong Programming background
 My name is Qian CHEN.   By learning statistics for several years and participating in projects utilizing my knowledge I have acquired valuable experience in designing and completing data reports providing actionable business intelligence related to the company's products and services. 
 Massachusetts 
 Software Developer turned Data Scientist with 2+ years of experience using predictive modeling to solve challenging business problems in data mining and cognitive computing. 
 Working backwards from the business goal
 I'm a novice data enthusiast
 August 8 I have a passion for all things research and data.  I have a great deal of experience dealing with large data sets on the magnitude of petabytes.  I have demonstrated expertise in utilizing such data
 
 I am passionate about driving change through data.  Interested in exploring areas of data mining randomized experiments machine learning
 
 Have Problem? Will Solve. 
 An experienced Data Scientist and Software developer who loves Data Analysis and coding in python.  Expertise Include -  1. Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) using libraries like Pandas NumPy
 I am a fun loving geek! I am always inspired by how sapiens have used technology to overcome some of the barriers to evolution. I would someday want to work towards improving healthcare using AI to allow for quick and accurate identification and treatment of diseases.  Currently working as a data scientist at BERG Health to identity diagnostics and therapeutics for rare diseases based on patient molecular profile and electronic health records (EHR). DarkestFloyd 
 Data scientist excited to use machine learning to explore data find underlying patterns
 I am currently an MBA candidate at Kellogg School of Management where I am majoring in Finance Entrepreneurship and Management Science (STEM). I also work as a Data scientist at Northwestern University
 I am a young professional with an Industrial Engineering background who fell in love with data related solutions some years ago.  I strongly believe in software as a way of increasing productivity and improve the life quality of the employees as well as the best tool to allow us to analyze the business problems metrics
 5+ years of experience as a Data Scientist embedded in various product teams working with cross-functional partners and leading data foundations product experimentation
I am a passionate Data Scientist and ML Engineer in Bloomenergy. I am passionate about building and deploying Machine Learning /Deep Learning models in multidisciplinary fields for effective marketing Anomaly Detection
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in both large-scale enterprises and smaller startups. Skilled in Machine Learning Statistical Data Analysis
 University of Maryland graduate currently working and living in the New York City area. Focusing my career on using research and analytics to improve how industries and companies function. I'm a passionate sports fan and passionate about giving back to the community through volunteering and fundraising.  Proficient in: ArcGIS Solidworks Microstation
I enjoy making sense of large and messy data to drive decisions... or just make pretty graphs. In my past life I used these skills to design and analyze large solar concentration systems. SunThermEnergy 
 Experienced Senior Data Scientist with a demonstrated history working in the Internet industry. Skilled in Information Retrieval Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. Strong engineering professional with a PhD in Computer Science from the University of Maryland College Park. 
 I'm a Data Scientist who can apply machine learning to address business problems by translating data into meaningful insights that improve user outcomes and experience.  I can help your data science team collect manage
 
 February 17 I'm not very active on LinkedIn. You can contact me at http://randalolson.com/contact  I'm the Chief Data Scientist at FOXO BioScience where I'm building a data science team that is merging cutting edge epigenetics research with advanced machine learning methods to improve life expectancy prediction for the life insurance industry and beyond. I specialize in AI
Data Scientist at Deloitte with 4+ years of experience in AI/ML
 
I strive and live in the present having learnt a multitude of lessons from my past and a desire to apply them in the future. I have a strong business acumen and love playing with numbers.  I aim to develop my decision making skills and nurture them to be data-driven.  I possess an appetite to gain knowledge from various fields and so - the next time we meet
 
 Full stack data scientist with demonstrated history of working in demand forecasting logistics optimization industrial IoT and predictive maintenance. Years of experience in developing and deploying statistic and machine learning models
I wish to commit myself to Data Science and in building innovative applications .It is my desire to design
 Arkansas 
 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY   Reputable leader and strategic developer with a successful background orchestrating start-ups as well as elevating organizational performance through skillful restructuring.  Recipient of multiple organizational awards for superior leadership performance
 A Data Scientist with an experience over 6 years and a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. I'm passionate about product development experimentation and diving deep to solve business problems. Skilled in Python Tableau
Have deep understanding and vast practical using of data algorithms for machine learning classical mathematical skills with statistical background
 Experienced Lead Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Passionate in deriving insights from large datasets and effectively communicating results to a non-technical audience.  Skilled in data aggregation visualization and model building for fraud detection. Focused on tools such as Python
 RECRUITERS: I'm not interested in IC or techlead-in-theory-but-actually-IC roles. Many recruiters try to switch and bait me into accepting IC roles. This will not work for me.   If there are team manager roles that takes care of an agile team of ML eng / data scientists I'm interested in having a talk.
A professional data scientist who loves to solve business issues using data kevin_sun_91 
Having 5 Years of overall work experience in Industry. An astute professional with 2.5 years of work experience in Data Analysis
I'm a Data Science Software Engineer who is equipped with experience in: effectively working on asynchronous remote-first teams leveraging prior real-world business experiences and utilizing my educational background of Machine Learning
 Looking for an opportunity that can enhance my analytical and machine learning skills and benefits the growth of the organization.  Skilled in Python (Programming Language)
 February 23 No sponsorship required. EAD card holder.   Data scientist with 5+ year background in affiliate marketing ecommerce
 
 Data Scientist skilled in Scalable Machine Learning and Deep learning models 
 
 I have 10 yrs of post-PhD data science experience working on products solutions and platforms primarily in the enterprise sector.   * I have worked on operational and business problems pertaining to large networks and systems (core
 Currently in transition into data science. As a data analyst I deal with various kinds of business and consumer insights related data. This work entailed data exploration
 Experienced Data Scientist  with a demonstrated history of working in the analytics field. Skilled in Data Analysis
 I want to build exciting and wonderful apps that profoundly make an impact.  I chose to change my career and learn web development at Dev Bootcamp because I wanted to learn how to bring my ideas to life.  I want to take on challenging projects where I could exercise creativity in solving them.    I can also draw upon my past experience as a project manager at Caterpillar Inc.  I have worked on and led numerous project teams and would work well in a team environment.  I also am accustomed to a process-driven approach to problem-solving along with having an appreciation for proper documentation.  Specialties and Interests: Javascript Angular
 I am an analytics professional with a passion for technology. I have  more than 2 years of hands-on experience in extracting insights and developing a predictive model solution with Statistical modeling and ML. In the past
 June 24 I'm a recent engineering graduate and a passionate Data scientist as my interest lies in solving problems with data.  Currently
 Interested in areas related to Data Science Machine Learning AI
Data scientist with more than 13 years of modelling experience in Commercial and R&D environment; • ML expert with experience in development and maintenance of predictive and recommendation engines using OOP; • Led teams in development of ML solutions; • Ability to communicate with stakeholders and derive system requirements; • Broad multidisciplinary knowledge and ability to find similarities across the scope; 
 Senior Data Scientist with core experience in building AI solutions for different platforms using natural language processing machine learning
 Looking out for positions as Data Analyst or Junior Data Scientist with almost 3 years’ experience as Data Analyst skilled in Python Development
 A Machine Learning Professional with 8+ years of experience taking active roles of technology evangelist in areas such as Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence
 Data Scientist in Avis Budget Group. 
Currently working as a Data Scientist at BrickSimple LLC. -> Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering from University of Illinois at Chicago. -> Experienced in building predictive models using supervised and unsupervised algorithms like Logistic Regression Random Forests
 I LOVE DATA.  I am an aspiring data scientist with knowledge of database statistical and machine learning techniques data cleaning
 Data scientist with experience in production level and real time machine learning as well as API development and numerical simulations. I have worked in many industries and including financial tech mobile gaming
 SPECIALTIES• Bayesian• Uncertainty Quantification• Model Updating• Probabilistic Analysis and Risk Assessment• Floor vibration• Structural Dynamics• Probabilistic programming• Structural Health Monitoring• Machine learning• Deep learning• Project Management SOFTWARE• Python• Matlab• SAP2000• STAAD.Pro• R• ETABS• SAFE• Minitab PASSION: Politics• Human rights• Management and Leadership 
Data Mining & Machine Learning  •  Data Manipulation & Analysis  •  Data Visualisation  •  Natural Language Processing  •  Statistical Modeling  •  Proficient: Python Pyspark
A Marketing Engineer at Expedia - Marketing Strategy
 Data Scientist at Bread with extensive experience in developing machine learning models for credit underwriting and fraud detection.  Research expertise in developing statistical models for complex multistage problems in healthcare studies Extensive experience in Design of Computer Experiments Categorical Data Analysis
 As a data scientist I seek to leverage my scientific background and my aptitude for software development through projects in the fields of machine learning and deep learning. My goal is to make long-standing contributions in the form of robust software solutions capable of tackling substantial challenges faced by scientists
 Statistics M.S. in Data Mining track from Rutgers University. Advanced experience with SQL R Python and SAS. Professional in advanced statistical models. Quick learner with rich knowledge in database
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the insurtech finance and higher education industry. Developed products that has machine learning as backbone.  Skilled in machine learning deep learning
 Data Scientist with experience in Fortune 500 Defense & Technology companies. Skilled in Data Science Machine Learning Predictive Analytics
 in EdgeVerve  ML hackathon 2019 #2 in All india Sangam -IIT Madras ML Hackathon 2019  #Top 100 in ZS young data science challenge   Working full time as data scientist with focus on Data mining 
 Seeking full-time opportunities in the field of data science as a data analyst and business analyst. I hold a Master's degree majoring in Computer and Information Science with a focus on data analysis and machine learning.  Looking to explore job opportunities that match my interests and skills; which will allow me to gain practical experience in software development and maintenance and hone my skills as a software engineer.  I am accustomed to being in pressure situations that demand composure and teamwork with one year experience in developing web and mobile applications in the industry. Tanvir_Roushan 
I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good consistently then you should go do something else wonderful not dwell on it for too long. Just figure out what’s next.” - Anonymous  After working as Data warehouse developer for 5 years. And doing a decent job in it for years. I figured out that it’s time to move on to something new/exciting. And Data Mining was answer to it.   I am person who strives for perfection (details matter). Working hard was always the way out for me. I always have been a quick learner.  Data-warehousing already got me comfortable with huge volume of data. And now
Data scientist/R programmer in project AdapteR. An R package that enables in-database analytics powered by Fuzzy Logix's flagship product DB Lytix on the Teradata database.  • Specialist in Banking Analytics. Fraudulent transaction prediction (Realtime) and Fraudulent customer prediction (Back-office).  • Worked extensively on data preparation and data cleaning using numerous tools including but not limited to R
 February 1 I am an agile data scientist who discovers opportunities and solves problems using data. I have extensive experience building credit scoring models credit recovery models and transforming raw data into actionable insights.   My experience in building predictive models has been in the finance
Data Scientist with 2+ years of experience in the field of Computer Vision and Machine Learning. 
 Having 4+ years of experience building enterprise products/solutions using AI/ML/DL/NLP and 7+ years of  experience in Software Development. 
 End-to-End Machine Learning _brohrer_ 
I have 8 years of experience in areas of data science business analytics
 I am a data scientist and biomedical engineer who is passionate about analyzing workflows and using machine learning to build new products that improve healthcare. 
 Data science pioneer
 
 5+ years of experience as a Data Scientist. Strong expertise in Python. Worked with SQL and Hadoop-based databases with up to 100M+ users. Trained and deployed Keras+TensorFlow models as a Kubernetes-based micro-service on GCP. Strong mathematics/statistics knowledge. 
 January 18 Masters in Computer Science at Illinois Institute of Technology.   A quick-learner with multitasking abilities
 Data science leader specializing in deep learning and distributed scalable machine learning.  Experienced delivering data products for use cases including text comprehension
 I am a data scientist with interest and skills in designing intelligent learning systems and have 10+ years of diverse experience through my work in academics
 Serial Entrepreneur and Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning expert.  A leading Data Scientist and researcher with expertise in AI and Machine Learning. Also a Startup Advisor and Industry Consultant having spent many years in USA and India in the high-tech industry. Co-Founder at CellStrat
 As a Data Science professional
 Data Scientist at Amazon Web Services with expertise in machine learning deep learning
 Data Scientist with 10 years of industry experience
 September 30 Data Science
Highly passionate Data Scientist with high analytical curiosity who loves to play with huge data and mine valuable insights for the company. Confident articulate
 Hi! I'm a data scientist by trade
 • PhD in Economics • I am a highly technical Data Scientist passionate to identify novel opportunities and provide actionable recommendations to business using advanced econometric modeling and machine learning techniques.  • Developed predictive Marketing measurement solutions. Used Python to build real-time sales lift measurement using past sales
 My professional life has been focused on enabling adult learners to succeed in the military and academic spaces.  From teaching combat life savers to Marines to teaching Business Economics and Business Math
 Self-driven strategic and quantitative thinker I am currently a Data Scientist in the Innovation Lab at BNP Paribas. Working on challenging Machine Learning and Deep Learning models as well as developing relationships with people is what I am looking for in my professional career. 
 Data scientist at Apple iCloud focus on forecasting the future infrastructure demand (network
 India 
 January 26 Data scientist with a background in engineering physics
 Interested in Data Scientist internships 
 I'm working towards a bachelor's degree in Computer Science with a concentration in machine learning.    I have a lot of enthusiasm for creating  what-if  projects in order to apply what I learn in academics to my life. Most of my projects are about creating solutions to my daily problems.    My portfolio 
 MATLAB: ranked in the top 50 at Cody 

 I am machine learning enthusiast and passionate about applying my data science skills to uncover useful insights from data to make an impact on the society. 
I work with the Data Science Solutions team at Bloomberg to build machine learning tools to help clients across Product Sales
 
I am a tech-enthusiast as the ubiquitous nature of technology fascinates me and motivates to learn and explore all horizons possible. I am dedicated and original in all the work I do. Hence
 I am currently a data scientist at Bloomberg. I work as a quantitative researcher at BVAL - a team that prices fixed income securities. I am also pursuing a Masters in Data Science at Columbia University.   I have more than two years of work experience in finance. Having landed an internship at Deutsche Bank in Pensions and Insurance Risk Markets I was awarded a pre-placement job offer on the basis of my accomplishments. I joined as a full-time analyst in the Distressed Products Group(European Portfolios) and was actively involved in end-to-end deal management and financial modelling. Working in a global team
 
 Technical: SQL R (dplyr ggplot2
 Data scientist passionate about using analytics to improve products and businesses.  Experienced in predictive analytics machine learning
 A results-driven and innovative professional with 3 years of experience in the analytics space. Skilled in advanced analytics
 Aspiring Data Scientist.  On the look-out for opportunities. 
 I strongly believe in the fact that data can exist without meaningful information but there is no information without data. For me as long as there’s a problem to solve or a challenge to puzzle over
 Ph.D. in Geographic Information Science (GIS). I enjoy bringing life to spatial and non-spatial data!  My effective experiences are on spatial data science machine learning prediction models
 Candidate for Master of Business Analytics at MIT (2019); Bachelor of Arts from Brandeis in Computer Science Math and Economics (2016); Data enthusiast and programmer. website: vicky.mit.edu 
 Experienced data scientist and trained physicist.  I am experienced in end-to-end data solutions: understanding & defining the problems logging and ETL/building data models building machine learning models
I'm a data scientist with experience working in tech. I have:  1. 2 years performing analysis for a variety of business functions (financial sales
 I see the world of the future. I help businesses create it and parents train their kids for it. Ever since I was a kid I wanted to build a cooler world. (Probably the byproduct of reading way too many Sci-Fi and Fantasy novels...still haven't gotten my letter...)   I love helping people understand technology and how to use it to their advantage. I've learned that for some people it can be a bit scary but I want to help alleviate those fears to create something even better.   I love solving problems. With some creative thinking
 Experienced Data Scientist with a background in applied operations research and machine learning. I am always using my curious nature lifelong learner mentality
 Specialist on the technical side of data science with expertise in analytics data engineering
 Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer with experience in Data Acquisition Predictive Modeling Statistical Analysis
Artificial Intelligence for Health Machine Learning
 Well versed in Python with experience as a Developer and as a Data Scientist. Interested in reading research papers and blogs on Deep Learning
 I solve complex problems creatively. As a software engineer with a background in music composition I have years of experience thinking outside of the box to implement technical solutions in environments that prioritize results. I am obsessed with learning
 •  Rich experience in large-scale data analysis statistical inference experiment design
 
 I graduated Carnegie Mellon University with a B.S. in Physics (December 2019) with a strong interest in Computer Science. I enjoy learning about fascinating topics in many fields including science history
 January 4 Highly analytical and motivated individual interested in using AI to reshape business strategies to make data-driven customer-centric decisions. I have 4 years of experience with analysis
 I'm a Full Stack developer. Below are my technical skills. Please message me for any business inquires.   Languages: Golang Java C/C++
 Data Scientist at Genius Sports  NYU Master of Science at Data Science  Github: https://github.com/wxy829475 
 GitHub: https://github.com/imadelh Online portfolio: https://imadelhanafi.com 
 I’m interested in using data to help people gain insights make better decisions and create intelligent products. Experiences with such data-driven work have ranged across tech
 
 
 
I am an analytics Professional with close to 4 years of experience in an analytics consulting firm ZS Associates. I worked with Fortune 500 pharmaceutical companies to formulate their sales and marketing strategies. I led analytics teams through my constant focus on data-driven decision making
 I believe in the value of hard work authenticity supporting others and being results driven. My passions include using data to inform decisions
 Interested in expanding my experience in the field of Data Science specifically in Natural Language Processing and Model Interpretability. 
Machine learning enthusiast specializing in image processing computer vision and pattern recognition. •	Proficient in rapid prototyping and designing algorithms for both embedded and operating systems. •	Experienced in organizing multiple projects
 An experienced data practitioner skilled and interested in: identifying defining new problems and solving them by data science methods; prototyping
 Passionate data scientist with strong engineering background. Proficient in SQL Python and R. Please feel free to reach out at kairan.zhu@columbia.edu. 
 February 15 I like to be at the intersection of Maths
 eddielin_tc 
 Data scientist with a track record of working in tech and consumer goods industry.  Trained in statistical analysis machine learning and finance. Skilled in SQL
 Growing up between Cairo Dubai

 A data enthusiast with good knowledge of Analytics tools and techniques who is passionate about using data to create realistic insights and identifying actionable business opportunities through extensive statistical analysis.   Love building Machine learning and Deep learning solutions. Aspiring deep learning researcher  Graduate of Deep learning engineer Natural language processing and Machine learning engineer nanodegree from Udacity 
 December 6 Failure & Success are the two events of your life
 
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Machine Learning Data Mining Pattern Recognition
 AI and Data Enthusiast 
 Highly skilled Data Scientist with expertise in predictive modeling and analytics with solid background in linear algebra probability and statistics. Offer experience using ML libraries and applying machine learning algorithms and behavioral modeling to develop new solutions that deliver business impact and improve user experience. Strong communication and interpersonal skills with ability to present complex technical concepts to wide audiences. Fully authorized to work in the US. 
 Data science/machine learning enthusiast with 3 years of experience working in the health technology sector across multiple domains. Experienced in a variety of machine learning and data analysis techniques with a passion for applying novel approaches to unique and challenging problems. 
 Analyst with a demonstrated history of delivering complex projects. I have a passion for data science and the positive impact it creates in business transformation and process improvement. I focus on the solving problems which enable business to grow.  Key Competencies: - Python programming - Machine learning - SQL - ETL  - Business Development -Communication-Creativity and Innovation. 
 
 
 
 Good enough is not enough I want to be excellent. 
 
 Data scientist with a coding background and a demonstrated history of working in a customer-first B2C company.   My current area of focus is unraveling consumer behavior in retail/e-commerce using the ever-evolving suite of ML/statistical models and empowering the business by building such insight generating data science products. 
 Sr. Machine Learning Scientist with a demonstrated history in applying machine learning to production scale e-commerce platforms. Skilled in Pattern Recognition Data Analysis Programming
 I always believe that just as electricity transformed industries in the past century artificial intelligence is the new electricity now. I am blessed that I now work for a company which starts to emphasize the importance of AI and Data Science.   My story with Thomson Reuters started when I met the excellent data science team in the Boston Lab during my summer internship. I had the opportunity to apply NLP and Deep Learning into practical business fields such as entities detection and document summarization
 My areas of interests are Machine Learning
 Customer-focused data scientist AI-inclusive product manager passionate about delivering actionable insights that measurably satisfy customers and unleash profitability.  Successful AI and machine learning (ML) require transforming data into meaningful information answering key business questions
 
 Specialized in Predictive Modeling Machine Learning Behaviorial and Cognitive Data
 yalaudah 
 
My research and interests involve statistical modeling statistical inference
Curious and innovative individual with an aptitude for problem-solving and attention to detail. I have been working in the domain of Microwave Remote Sensing
 Creating #AI that we really need - #datascience #deeplearning #quantumcomputing #blockchain RomeoKienzler 
 
 Prabhat is a data scientist with an interest in building algorithms and applications that solve various data science and ML problems. His focus areas and experience include Time Series Forecasting and Analysis of Industrial IoT sensor data Financial Fraud Analytics Retail Data Analytics. He also has experience in building reliable solutions for data visualization
 Strategy-minded customer-obsessed quantitative professional. Experienced in A/B testing
 Highly logical focused
 Data scientist with a passion for uncovering hidden insights within data and finding ways to leverage those insights to better the world. My expertise and interests include machine learning natural language processing
 
 Experienced Statistician
Machine Learning and Data Scientist with 10+ years experience as an Enterprise Architect and Software Engineer as well as Teaching  and Project Management experience and Problem Solving skills. 
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & energy industry. Skilled in Python Finite Element Analysis Design Thinking
 Certified Machine Learning Engineer in Data Science stream Passionate about leveraging ever evolving technology to bridge the gap between theoretical math and real-life applications Well versed in Machine Learning Data Visualization and Data Analysis Expertise in applying Machine learning techniques such as Clustering (K-Mean) Linear Regression and Classification Techniques (Random Forest
 I am a Business Analytics graduate student and data enthusiast professional with four and a half years of experience in Data Warehousing technology. I have hands-on experience in data integration solutions and data management systems.  During my tenure at Cognizant I have worked on multiple projects for a fortune 500 Investment and Insurance company. I was a part of various business applications under lines of business like Commercial lines and Enterprise Risk Management. My roles and responsibilities involved data monitoring & quality check statistical analysis
 
 7 years of experience as a Data Scientist in predictive analytics. Experienced in developing 'intelligent' solutions using Deep Learning and other Machine Learning techniques on big data in the domains of healthcare
 
 Bhavya is a technologist who is passionate about creating value with data analytics  machine learning and AI. She is a fast learner and has strong communication skills. She previously worked as a software engineer which gives her the unique ability to understand AI from engineering perspective as well. 
 
Motivated and detail-oriented computer science graduate from Arizona State University with 2 years of experience in software development. 
 Solution Architect | Data Scientist | ML/DL/AI Engineer | Big Data Engineer | Quant | Veteran Software Engineer 
 Experienced data science professional with Masters in Operations Research from Cornell University. Strong background in Python R
 
Machine learning IOT and Data Analytics. •	Cross-functional team communications. Well established team leader and project manager.   •	Memorydata storage and computer model
Working on projects involving machine learning predictive modeling optimization
 Data Scientist with over 3 years of experience in designing and implementing novel machine learning solutions to gather actionable insights from data. Proficient in a range of Machine Learning and NLP techniques with hands-on experience in building high-performing scalable AI systems that works on big data to provide real time analytics
 
 I work on interesting machine learning problems in Cloud Storage IIoT
 I am a data scientist with MS in Information Systems using Python for machine learning predictive analysis data cleaning
 Focused meticulous mathematician and development engineer finds ways to deliver high performance from software and hardware that others miss. Capable of working individually or with a group or of leading a group and mentoring engineers.  Have mediocre but adequate interpersonal skills; not interested in positions requiring better interpersonal skills.  Featuring: Data Analysis and Visualisation and Computer Graphics.  Languages: SQL Scheme
 Experienced data scientist/engineer/researcher in statistics
 Hi I'm Ryan. I have years of experience as a data scientist at companies like Mozilla and Google. I give global businesses new ways to sense the world through data science. I love mentoring new data scientists and data science teams. I write about practicing effective data science in my blog here: 
 Entrepreneurial highly cross functional (Lead Product Engineering and Design for growth GTM
 Google scholar page:  Specialties: Experience in the fields of Computer Vision
 As an accomplished and experienced Data Scientist I bring hands-on experience with expertise and success in defining and driving data-based evidence decision-making with advanced machine learning modeling and alternative data insights. I provide strong experience in navigating ever-changing business needs and emerging technologies
 Passionate about building intelligent machines. Experienced in leading cross-functional teams to build scalable and effective data-centric products and strategies
I solve engineering problems with data driven insights. Here is the course I recently thought over at LinkedIn Learning: 
 
 My career is driven by two twin challenges: driving forward the transformation of the energy sector and creating solutions for climate change. Grounded experience in private sector energy startups an international energy policy institution
 January 15 Being creative is not a hobby
 A Ph.D. data scientist with people management data engineer
 New York June 22 
 An avid problem solver who loves tackling challenging problems in technology.  As a former strategy consultant and data scientist I bring a strong analytical and entrepreneurial mindset towards solving problems and driving executive-level decisions.   Experienced in defining product and technology roadmaps
 
 My research interests lie broadly in statistical methodology and machine learning algorithms as well as applied statistics in various domains. The central goal is to enable reasoning under uncertainty to understand natural and statistical phenomena and to meet challenges from modern data (including dimensionality
 I am passionate about new technologies and always curious to explore opportunities with growth potential and broader social impact. I am thoroughly enjoying my experiments with data using statistical modelling and machine learning techniques. I enjoy every bit of it whether it is building recommendation engines creating impactful models
 
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry. Skilled in Mathematics Applied and Theoretical Computer Science and Data Science. Strong engineering professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) focused in Computer Science and Economics from Northwestern University. 
 I'm a Data Scientist in McKinsey’s Digital practice.  Before joining the Firm I founded Tech Nick Creative a Minneapolis-based digital marketing agency that was acquired in 2015.  At the Firm
 data engineer data scientist roryhr.com 
 
 Data Scientist combining classical statistical approaches with more modern machine learning methods. Recognized Data Scientist enabling Industrial companies both as in-house developer and as senior management consultant to a Fortune 500 client portfolio. Excels at bridging communication and process facilitation between highly technical project experts and non-technical end users. Additional areas of expertise include:    •	Consultative Business Development •	R •	Team Architecture & Deployment •	Linear Models •	Predictive Modeling/Analytics •	Decision Trees •	Start-Ups/Venture Capital NPHard 
 • Seven years of work and research experience in computer science and information systems.  • Believe in Data as a Service (DaaS). Devote myself to using data mining to learn the world better. • Familiar with processing large scale data set using the Hadoop ecosystem tools. • Familiar with C C++ Java
 I am a full time Masters student in Business Analytics with a keen interest in these areas:   •	Data Mining  •	Machine Learning •	Predictive modeling and statistical analysis •	Data Science •	Data Analysis and Visualization •	Business Intelligence •	Reporting  Languages: SQL PL/SQL
 Innovative hands-on technology leader with experience hiring leading and mentoring high performing data science and engineering teams.  I am passionate about solving problems and building data driven solutions that help startups
 As a DataScientist I currently provide engineering support to multiple functional areas as  Deployment
 Former finance professional looking to utilize a background in Mathematics and problem solving in the world of Data Science and  Machine Learning.  Recent Data Science Bootcamp graduate seeking to utilize my skill set to help solve your company’s pressing problems and derive insights from data via Machine Learning techniques including Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Throughout my career I have developed the ability to systematically approach issues communicate the problem
 Causal inference expert. ~3 years of industry experience in Data Science. PhD from The University of Chicago. 
 As a data scientist at Figma I have helped foster a culture of data-driven decision making while developing a fundamental analytics infrastructure which empowers sales marketing
  Software professional with 3 years of work experience. Earned a Masters degree in Computer Science from University of Southern California. Currently seeking Full-time opportunities in Software Engineering. 
 
 I am passionate about the intersection of neuroscience data science and social justice. 
 December 9 I am a business analyst turned data scientist who is passionate about solving business problems by data-driven approaches. 
 I hold a Bachelor of Science in Engineering as well as a Master of Science in Applied Mathematics from Ecole Centrale Paris and I am currently pursuing a Master of Business Analytics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.   I have interned at Wavestone’s Machine Learning & Data Lab as well as BCG Gamma
 I like to solve problems. Being in the field of Data Science has given me a chance to leverage my analytical and technical skills to do that.  I've had experience in deploying end-to-end analytical solutions while working collaboratively to deliver the results in production environment with deadlines.   End-to-End analytical experience includes • Defining business problem: Understand the business objective and define success criteria. Understand the current processes and the scope of the problem being solved.  • Chart the analytical approach: Use Hypothesis Testing and EDA to understand/prepare the data and define the approach (R
 I am passionate about solving real-world problems using data science!  My Qualifications: Programming : proficient with Python(scikit-learn Pandas
 I am a data scientist at McKinsey & Company I graduated from the Master of Business Analytics(MBAn) Program at MIT Operation Research Center and Sloan Business School. I was an undergraduate at NYU Honor Mathematics Major with GPA 3.98. I have achieved GRE score 338 (Verbal 168 Quantitative 170
 February 26 Senior data scientist media researcher
 
 As a data scientist with 15+ years of experience in delivering statistically complex data mining and machine learning solutions
 Data Scientist at Centiment   TECHNICAL SKILLS (1.5 years of machine learning experience) • R/RStudio (dplyr ggplot
 
 Data Scientist with broad background with interests in predictive modeling and automated tools looking for opportunities in South Bay Area. 
 October 25 Dynamic
 June 19 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the health telecommunications
 I am a Data Scientist and ML practitioner correctly working on standardizing LinkedIn's Economic Graph. Previously at Amazon
 My background is in Atmospheric Science where I use statistical analysis and machine learning to analyze climate change impact on wind energy resources.  I'm excited to apply my skills to solve data-driven problems in our lives. 
 I am an experienced Data Scientist having worked at Intellect Design Arena since June 2018 and completing the Data Incubator Data Science Fellowship Program in May 2018 as well. I transitioned into a career in data science following the completion my PhD studies in physics in early 2018
 
 Dr. Mourad Sarrouti • Areas of interest include machine deep and transfer learning
 I'm a full-stack Data Scientist optimistic about the power of data and technology to change our norms. I care deeply about fostering healthy inspired teams and building robust data solutions. I have experience deploying ML solutions in both real-time environments and for offline Background
 I am a Data Scientist with a background in Mathematics and Business. I am proficient in Statistics Data Mining and Business Analytics with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. My experiences as an analyst have taught me the value of understanding the data and leverage data to gain actionable insights for making better business decisions that can make a positive impact.  ➡️ Technical Skillset: ✔️ Programming Languages: Python
 Electrical and Computer Engineer proficient at manipulating data and applying machine learning to several domains. I have deployed models and data pipelines for projects in real estate brain imaging
 The one thing in common among my work experiences has been the ability to understand the business needs of the company and the technical challenges of the problem at hand to develop a practical solution that works well and gets to market in a timely fashion.  In addition to this I build strong relationships with the people that work for me and with me. As a result I have a network of some of the best technical people in New England to draw from whenever I start a new job.  Currently I have used my network to help start up my own company called Fast Strike Sports
 Highly driven data science professional with 3 years of experience in Predictive Analytics Machine Learning
 Data Scientist with years of experience building applications and providing key insights to business stakeholders.  Background in Mathematics and Economics with extensive focus in Data Science through Johns Hopkins and Galvanize.  Project and Code Repository: • hTechnical Skills: • Big Data Ecosystem: Spark Hadoop Scalding
 Business-minded data scientist with a demonstrated ability to deliver valuable insights via advanced analytics and data-driven methods with 2 years of experience in data science domain. Well versed with data exploration
 
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the healthcare and financial services industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language) Microsoft Word
 
 
 I am a data-driven decision-maker and strategist. My passion is to convert data into actionable insights and recommendations utilizing predictive analysis statistical modeling
 Data Science and Machine Learning Enthusiast. Skilled in Python PHP C++
 
 Experienced Data Scientist with a master’s in computer science and 4+ years of professional work experience. Proven track record in developing predictive models machine learning systems
 The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure  ― Christopher McCandless  Adventure seeker
 Lokesh is currently working as a Data Scientist with experience in NLP
 I have over 3 years of experience working in Data Science. Currently
 Data Scientist with 3+ years of experience in Predictive analysis Data Acquisition
 I am a practical researcher with mathematical and analytic skills machine learning experience
 Data Science student at Illinois Institute of Technology and expected to graduate in May 2020. Have 2 years of hands-on experience applying machine learning to language detection customers profiling and fraud detection problems. A quick learner with proficiency in Python and R
Ph.D. in economics from the University of California
 Data Scientist with a PhD in Transportation Engineering and minor in Computer Science. Skilled in Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Statistical and Quantitative Analysis

 Experienced Senior Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the hospital & health care industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis
 Responsible story telling with data actionable insights statistical thinking...... 
 Analytics professional 
 I enjoy using data to drive business. 
 December 10 5+ years experienced  professional with a demonstrated history of working in the Data & Business analytics with concentration in Marketing digital
 
 Being trained on Business Intelligence Technologies and Basic Software Engineering
 Spearheading projects in spatiotemporal forecasting machine learning
 Skilled in Deep Learning NLP Machine Learning
 Data Science graduate student with experience across predictive analytics  machine learning and Deep Learning
 October 19 Learns Everyday! 
 A Computer Science engineer with a demonstrated history of working in Data Science domain. Skilled in Python SAS SQL
 Ph.D. in Physics result oriented dedicated and scientifically trained with extensive experience in design of experiments
 Junior Data Scientist with 2+ year of experience in project work internship and research assistantships. Beat 50+ teams from top universities and big-data industry in HackathonCLT by building best machine learning model for the problem. Skilled in data preparation
 - 5+ years of experience in large-scale data analysis data ETL data mining
 November 23 I am a 'Big Data' enthusiastic individual with vested interests in 'Data Science'. During my past project involvements I have acquired skills in discovering the insights hidden in huge data
 • Specialized in developing and deploying ML/DL solutions • Experience in CV/ML (classification regression clustering
 Data Scientist turned Founder. 
 Energetic professional in the Data Science and Analytics field with skilled expertise in SQL Python and R. Have guided product managers
 

 An enthusiastic fresher with highly motivated and leadership skills having bachelors of engineering degree in computer science Engineering. Expert in implementation of each step of project. Eager to learn new technologies and methodologies. Always willing to innovate the new things which can improve the existing technology. 
 PhD data scientist/theoretical physicist with 10+ years experience in scientific research data modeling and software development. Experienced in building scalable machine learning products for optimization and automation at startups. Proven track record in deploying production code to drive business values.  Quantitative skills: Machine learning
 California 
 
 Experienced Data Science associate with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Prior worked with RioTinto innovation center providing analytical solutions using predictive modeling and Machine learning techniques in different areas w.r.t Mining industry. Skilled in Statistics
Data Scientist with strong background in probability statistics and data modeling. My past experience ranges from insurance to telecommunications to government. Firm believer of lifelong learning and growth.   Let's get in touch! 

 Experienced Data Scientist  with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & gas industry as a Data and Geo-Scientist. Bachelor's Degree in Geoscience / Mathematics and Master's Degree in Geology / Geophysics.  Feature engineering & machine learning Predictive analytics & advanced data analysis GIS analyst Complex algorithm development database design   Petrel GeoGraphix
 A data enthusiast and a researcher in the field of Artificial Intelligence
 Seven years of quantitative risk experience ranging from actuarial analysis to data science. Interested in applying statistics to new challenges in technology and research. 
 
 Excited to explore innovative applications of machine learning on various platforms. Builder of award-winning applied machine learning prototypes.  Let's connect and hack the change we want to see! smellslikeml 
 Senior data scientist experienced in developing data-driven applications in multiple domains. 
 October 6 •	Having 3+ years of experience in Data Science using Python and machine learning algorithms •	Proficient in understanding and analyzing of data pertaining to various domains
 As a data enthusiast I strive to leverage data to make a sizeable impact on revenue and growth for a company. By applying Data Science I seek to contribute meaningful recommendations for business teams to make better decisions in a way that may never have been thought of before.   I am currently pursuing an MS in Business Analytics from the University of Southern California
 
 I'm a Data Science and Analytics professional interested in solving real-world problems using Mathematics. I have 4+ years of experience in the field with progressive leadership in building scalable data-driven solutions. My expertise lies in category design and operations analytics of e-commerce across a spectrum of business problems such as consumer experience customer engagement

 I write about the inside scoop of data science AI and productivity hacks.  I'm a data scientist
 I'm a former data science manager at Asana focused on working with product teams. I love the human side of data thrill at well-communicated results
 
 Applied experience in Regression Classification
 Data Scientist with professional experience designing and developing machine learning applications.  • Bachelor’s and Master's in Computer Science with specialization in Data Science.  • Solid understanding of data structures
 I am an experienced data scientist
Senior Data Scientist
 Data Scientist experienced in modeling Multivariate Linear and Logistic Regression Classification Trees Machine Learning algorithms using statistical tools like Python. Proficient in writing SQL.   Experienced in providing end-to-end analytical solutions from data acquisition and manipulation
 I graduated from Rutgers University – New Brunswick with a master’s degree in mathematical finance (MSMF) and from Georgia Institute of Technology with a master’s degree in computer science (OMSCS).  I am currently having 4 years experience in analytics domain and exposure to various fields such as statistical modeling machine learning deep learning and data visualization. 
 Ambitious problem solver always looking for solutions using analytical and technical tools and techniques.  Interested in gaining a better understanding of any setting using data and mathematics to assist in decision making and understanding.  Avid storyteller eager to explain solutions and methods to others. 
 
  7 If there is one thing that drives the many varied aspects of my career it is the desire to build large systems with a large number of users that have a big impact. This has led me to focus on distributed computing and networking
	High comfort level with programming and quantitative skills in data modeling using Python MATLAB
 
 I have a passion for science art and any opportunity to intertwine the two. Through my background
 Data scientist with 5 years hands-on experience in developing and deploying machine learning models for broad industry including capacity planning demand forecast
 Data Science professional with over 4 years of experience in the field. Formerly worked as Data Engineer for the Tata Group building solutions for cross-domain intelligence on consumer data and as a BI consultant for a European multinational (servicing one of the biggest FMCG firms on their Supply Chain Finance and Indirect Taxes BI system). A zealous learner who's willing to experiment work with different techniques and technologies to get the job done best.  Skills summary (In order of recent experience/stronger first):- Programming languages: Python R
 Data science expert with 4 years of business experience and 8 years of academic experience.  Holds a Ph.D. degree in Economics with a specific focus on statistical modeling.  Hands on experience: deep learning models(CNN LSTM and ANN)
 I'm a fixer: I like killing manual processes and mitigating bottlenecks and I love building tools that make someone's life easier. I'm excited about performing analyses
 𝐊𝐚𝐠𝐠𝐥𝐞 𝐄𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐭 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥 𝐑𝐚𝐧𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠: Top 3% in the World (3689 of 118034) 𝐌𝐚𝐜𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 (𝟏𝟎 𝐲𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐬): Python XGBoost LightGBM
 I am working with data science and artificial stuff.I am proficient in python
 I am a MBA with a strong quantitative and programming skillset most notably am a former PhD Student in Computational & Applied Math.  My vocation lies at the intersection of business strategy and machine learning -- generating actionable business and marketing insights by building good statistical models.  I love working with other people -- both technical and non-technical -- on these kinds of problems.  I'm targeting data scientist roles
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Market Research Marketing Data Analysis
 I am a data scientist with experience in the retail industry who is passionate about building better data products
 I love achievements that are hard-earned and find myself constantly climbing up steep learning curves to develop new applications and products. I find it exciting to contribute to any and all phases of product development: from idea to market.  WHAT I DO: I help reach research goals in product development or applications. I also help technology companies optimize and demonstrate products. I work on mentally engaging and hands-on projects. For example developing prototypes or implementing machine learning to predict outcomes.  HOW I DO IT: To achieve product development goals I find relevant research or knowledge that can be applied through experimentation. This typically requires designing statistically sound experiments and data collection using scientific equipment. I then analyze those data to drive decisions or create predictive models
 Have a strong background in Statistics Python and Machine Learning. Looking for a Data Scientist position in the San Francisco Bay area. 
 October 8 •	Engineer with over 6 years of experience in building and deploying machine learning/deep learning models into production.  •	Experience in full-stack machine learning development including building data pipelines system design
 
 I’m a community health advocate turned data scientist interested in the intersection of race health and technology. My life’s mission is to improve the health of as many people as possible through data—especially among those marginalized and or with chronic diseases.  I received my M.S. from Stanford Med where I was trained in clinical research
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Artificial intelligence and Machine Learning industry. Skilled in ANN
A “full stack” data scientist with experience leveraging state-of-the-art machine learning to build search ranking
 To create a professional network. Specialties: deep learning (and application in medical imaging analysis) statistical analysis data mining. Code proficiently in Python
 California 
 February 25 I translate Raw Data into Dashboards and PowerPoints and everything in between 
 I am currently working as a Data Scientist for the Data Science & Analytics Services team at General Electric Company GE Digital.  Prior to GE I worked as a Data Science Intern with a global manufacturer of finishing equipment to analyze the profitability via distributors
 March 9 I'm a seasoned data scientist in machine learning deep learning
 
 A winner in the worldwide Teradata Analytics Challenge and presenter at the annual conference in 2017.  Finalist in the worldwide Teradata Analytics Challenge and presenter at the annual conference in 2016.   I am a dedicated professional with 5+ years of experience in the Data Science field.  I am a loyal
 I am a software engineer having strong mathematical background (GRE QA - 168/170) and I consider both equally important in my success as a Data Scientist. I am passionate about solving real world problems. My industry experience as a Data Scientist and excellent coding analytical & reasoning skills allows me to solve these problems. I want to use technology to bring a positive change in the world. I have experience in working and managing Development Projects
 I am a data science professional with a breadth of experience and expertise ranging from software development data analysis statistics
Data and Analytics professional with 18+ years of experience in the areas of Data Engineering & Analytics Data Architecture
 June 28 Your work is going to fill a large part of your life and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.   I am a focused
 Have strong academic back ground (M.Sc Mathematics from IIT-Madras ) and 12+ years of experience in Marketing Analytics(CSI CLM & Pricing) Risk Analytics(Credit Risk)
 A data hacker and open source contributer with a statistics background. Successfully architected and developed Natural Language and algorithmic solutions to help solve real business problems. Experienced in designing building
 September 22 Profile: Accomplished artificial intelligence
 
 I lead the development and deployment of machine learning models and pipelines with expertise in both real-time and big data architecture
 February 28 Currently
 
 I turn your finance/reporting functions into a smooth and breezy process.  How?   My code will do the hard work by gathering manipulating consolidating all your data in one place to create financial statements and operational reports.  My focus is in the Healthcare industry such as Dialysis
 Published and award winning quantitative economist expert on US
 Current Expertise: - Leading a team of sophisticated quants. - Implementing RNNs and CNNs for creating new variables to add to hedonic models. Letting data speak and capturing non-linear relationship in the process while penalizing overfitting. - Investment Risk and Strategy Backtesting - Stochastic Processes and Optimization - Derivative Valuation FRTB - PD-LGD-EAD model for Commercial/Retail/Wholesale Portfolio CECL - Prepayment modeling/Behavioral Modeling for Mortgage/RMBS/CMO using ADCo model in QRM framework. - Stress Testing for CCAR
 September 11 I am a team player with expertise in driving Business growth through analytics. My skills repository include SAP BI/BO
 I want to apply my 10+ years of programming experiences in the industrial field of Data Science Data Analysis or Business Analysis. My expertise lies in the areas of data analysis
 June 3 Professional: Ph.D. degree awarded with Dr.Varun Chandola and 11 years of computer science academic training. Research area is interpretable classiﬁcation models for risk prediction in healthcare ﬁnance and other domain.  Contribution: Established novel tree structure factors interpretable regression model that raised state-of-art accuracy to over 70% in NY Medicaid Warehouse and factors understandable to research team for School of Nursing lead by Dr.Sharon Hewner..  Skills: Quickly new background learning and rich experience with highly restricted sensitive datasets. Strong ability to leverage mathematics and applied statistics or machine learning methods with visualization. 
 Solving puzzles to help others could there be a better job?   I've always loved puzzles and for me the puzzle pieces are data. I love collecting the data
 
 
 Previously worked in Analytics/Data Science and now transitioning to Software Engineering Front-End | JavaScript React HTML
 I'm a geometric topologist at heart but I write Spark in Scala every day. I manage distributed computing systems I research and develop algorithms
 
 I recently graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of Pennsylvania where I earned both an MSE in Computer Science and a BSE in Computer Science with minors in Statistics and Data Science. I will begin working at Facebook as a Data Scientist in August 2020. Feel free to reach me at  Personal 
 I am a data scientist who is interested in advancing social good. I am skilled with web crawling data analysis
 ★ Experienced data scientist
 I am a data scientist with five years of experience in data preparation analysis
 jasjung.github.io | salary.ninja  I love to solve problems with data and machine learning.   • Experience with Python (Pandas
 Data scientist and data engineer with a passion for causal Bayesian
 Postgraduate in Math and Sc. Computing from IIT Kanpur. Experience in Data Science
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Experiment Design
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. Skilled in Apache Spark
 I am a curious and passionate problem solver. I believe that an approximate answer to the right problem is worth a good deal more than an exact solution to an approximate problem. 
 Currently working as a business analyst. I pursued my bachelor's from IIT Roorkee 
 
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & energy industry. Skilled in Data Science Petroleum Geology
 July 8 I’m a machine learning enthusiast skilled in Python R and SQL. I’ve worked with libraries including TensorFlow
 
 Data Analytics professional with Computer Science background utilizing Python SQL for the data analysis workflow including data wrangling
 A burgeoning Data scientist with 2 years of experience in creating models
 
 I am a Data Scientist with experience in design and implementation of security and security management solutions. I am a highly motivated problem solver with strong communication skills. I am also an excellent technology adopter with business insight and customer service experience.  Currently working on machine learning and deep learning solutions with Python using a wide variety of data sources.   SKILLS  Statistics: Linear regression Hypothesis testing
  20 I am a Graduate student with keen interest and enthusiasm towards Data Science and Analysis. Keen to complement my technical prowess with the management acumen to analyze and compute data to garner valuable insights enabling me to develop business solutions I consider that the Information Systems will equip me with the tools to tackle complex problems.  Now I look forward for Full-time opportunities to gain Industry experience and employ my newly-acquired management aptitude and enhanced technical expertise to develop technology-driven business solutions for organizations.  Profiles: 
rofessional with 3+ years of work experience across a wide range of domains. 
 Aspiring data/business analyst with a predilection towards drawing the unseen from data through visualizations and analysis. Interested in modelling the data and getting it into use for business growth. I have worked with various technologies tools and techniques that fulfill aforementioned interest in analytics. I love to take up challenges and fetch meaningful results. I possess good interpersonal skills for working with team
 I am currently working as a Data Scientist at Affine Analytics. I have done my Btech (Hons) from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bhubaneswar
 November 11 
 Software Engineer with a specialisation in Distributed Systems and Data Science. 
 
 I am 5 years of Industrial experienced data modeler emphasis on data analysis ETL
 Experienced Graduate Assistant with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in optimization operations management and data analysis.  RESEARCH INTERESTS: -Optimization: Linear
 
 I love delving deep into data to uncover insights hidden by noise through end-to-end data science pipelines: architecting testing and productionizing statistical data analysis to inform good decisions. My fortes include strategic data reduction and featurization explainable machine learning
 July 13 I feel that world is over-saturated with various data nowadays. A lot of companies have tons of records about their businesses that have been gathering over the years and they have no idea how to leverage it. I enjoy extracting the valuable insights from the data and developing predictive models in order to achieve specific goals. 
 I am a PhD data scientist who knows how to ask insightful questions how to apply sophisticated analytical tools and how to learn quickly. I understand how to solve problems and think critically
 June 19 What's in my arsenal:   - Big data: Hive Hadoop
 October 11 Specialties: Machine Learning Statistical Modeling
 I’m a result-oriented Data Scientist with a B.E in Computer Science Engineering from BIT Mesra. Through the vibrant community of intellectual peers and professors at BIT
 Data Scientist problem solver
 Mohamad Eldebek is a Data Scientist
 
 My professional target is to be a full stack data scientist.  Core Qualifications:  - Proficient in C++ Python R
 Hands on experience on experimentation causal inference
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis Machine Learning
 stanislaschaillou.com https://harvard.academia.edu/StanislasChaillou 
 Colorado 
 Data scientist with experience in asset management and healthcare technology. I enjoy quantifying and solving business problems with data. 
 Experienced in Computer Vision and probabilistic modelling. Actively participate in Data Science competition hosted on Kaggle and Analytics Vidhya. Hold a bachelor's degree in Material Science & Engineering from IIT Kanpur. 
 May 12 Data Science and Analytics expert with a passion for transforming data into actionable insights and predictions 
 Passion for  • applying quantitative methods to interpreting and addressing business problems with the ability of hands-on statistical coding and modeling; • predictive modeling data science
 Data scientist with a background in computer engineering and over a decade of experience working in a fast-paced team environment to solve challenging problems. Experienced in using quantitative tools with Python SQL
 May 17 I'm a quantitative modeler with expertise in machine learning statistical modeling
 
 Interested in Machine Learning
 I am an ambitious Technical Professional with a keen interest in Data Science and Data Analytics. 
 
 Ayodele is a Data Scientist with a Master's Degree in Data Science. She's created models that can predict consumer segment movement the chance of a hockey goal being scored and the location of firearms through walls using RF sensors.   She has spoken at conferences like the HUE Tech Summit
 Love getting insights from data and utilizing technology to improve our daily life!  Passionate about the rapidly evolving New Mobility market. New Mobility is not only about transportation and technology but also involves policy economics
 June 11 Computer Science graduate with a constant motivation to learn new things and seeking a challenging career in a progressive organization to enhance my knowledge
 I am an experienced data science professional with an Analytical Consulting experience for fortune 500 companies (India & World) of over three years. Management Decision support process improvement and continuous learning are my key attributes
 

 With a background in computer science economics consulting
 Continuous and life-long learner with M.Sc. degree in Data Analytics. Start-up corporate and academic experience in data analysis
 
 Thanks for visiting my profile I have about 3 years of experience in Statistics and Machine Learning Sales Intelligence Data Mining and related concepts in Data Science and Software Development  My experience and education has taught and/or familiarized me with-  Sales Compensation
 Familiar with Big Data
 Mathematician turned Data Scientist with expertise in Machine Learning and Deep Learning real-world applications.  - Advanced Mathematics Geometry and Statistics. - Classical Machine learning: SVM
 I graduated with a master's degree in analytics from the Carlson School of Management in May 2018. I currently work as a data scientist at Mille Lacs Corporate Ventures. Prior to joining my master's program I worked at Credit Suisse for three years as a valuations analyst leading projects across global cross-functional teams. I hold a master’s degree in economics and bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from BITS-Pilani.   I like challenging myself. Of the extensive knowledge I acquired through my graduate studies
 India March 4 
 September 11 Hi   I am a Data Science Enthusiast with more than 2 years of experience with American Express and AstraZeneca. I am passionate about exploring
 I develop machine learning algorithms and solutions in a wide range of domains. My work has been used in healthcare fraud finance
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language)
 I have experience of applying analytics to three vertical markets in Big Data; healthcare finance and educational technology. I have a broad interest in applying computer science
 Wrote the book:  A Collection of Data Science Take-Home Challenges  modeled after real DS job interview takehome challenges. If you are about to interview and need some practice
 Builds products that make it easier for others to use machine learning (roboflow.ai).  Also: Started a data science consultancy (betavector.com). Helped buy/sell farms (80acres.co).  Co-Founded CEO @ Represently (acq.); Build/teach 2000+ hrs of data science classes @ General Assembly; Gov/Data Products @ Facebook; Politics (digital agencies
 A data scientist with experience in machine learning techniques data visualization
 Data Scientist with 4 years of machine learning engineering experience. Currently focus on Object Detection applications. 
 Vishaal is a Data Science Consultant who brings experience in the data science project life cycle including data extraction feature engineering statistical modeling and model interpretation. He assists clients by developing automated Machine Learning models to help them make data-driven business decisions.  Areas of Expertise & Technical Skills  Statistical Techniques - Machine Learning
Rajesh Shreedhar Bhat is working as a Data Scientist at Walmart Labs
 A results-driven and self-motivated team player with demonstrated experience in data science and analytics. Passionate about solving business problems using data. Skills: Python R SQL
I am an inquisitive effective
 
 Experienced Graduate Research And Teaching Assistant at Texas A&M University with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Python SAS
 A proven data scientist and machine learning engineer with highly cited papers. Google me! See references below!  One of my papers titled  Composition Attacks and Auxiliary Information in Data Privacy  has been cited by 340+ as per Google. Look here:  https://www.google.com/search?q=composition+attacks+and+auxiliary+information+in+data+privacy  It was published in the prestigious KDD (KnowledgeDiscoveryDataMining) conference.  Look here: https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1401926  Email me (ranjit.ganta at gmail) for an updated resume. Visa Status: US Citizen 
 January 12 My personal webpage : https://amol195.github.io/ 
 Working at the intersection of economics and logistics as part of Instacart's Fulfillment Engineering team. Reach out to me if you are a data scientist machine learning engineer
 Data enthusiast with strong analytical technical
  25 Maths + Technology + Business + Problem solving  Passionate and avid learner with keen interest in predictive analytics
 Experienced Data Scientist with a passion for technical problem-solving. A tenacious innovative thinker who has used Machine Learning and AI techniques to extract insights from data in the energy and financial sectors. Skilled in NLP
 
 • Data scientist with 6 years of experience in using predictive methods and machine learning algorithms • Broad knowledge of Data Science including supervised and unsupervised predictive methods • Operation Research analyst with 8 years of experience in modeling and solving a variety of large-scale deterministic stochastic and simulation-optimization problems • Broad knowledge of Operation Research including linear programming integer programming
 I am a trained software developer with a background in electrical engineering turned data scientist at Health Axis Group
 June 27 Just finished a master's degree in Economics from Madras School of Economics
 I make data speak! I have worn many hats throughout my career: 1) Data Scientist2) Business Analyst/Product Analyst and 3) Business Intelligence Engineer.   I enjoy being a data scientist for the mathematical rigor in modeling nebulous matters
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in tech. Skilled in using data to tell   a story and inform product strategy and initiatives. 
 June 27 Seasoned Data Scientist with a solid foundation in Statistics & Machine Learning along with strong business acumen.  Technology skill set spans across •     Data analysis using Python
 
 June 20 Experienced Data Scientist with good knowledge on Statistical Inference and Data mining techniques. Expert in Multiple regression
 A Full-Stack Data Scientist: - Programming: Python R Java
 February 4 I love writing code and blog.  I am passionate about improving the efficiency of business and quality of people's life with technology. I have been a blogger for over a decade. You are welcome to visit https://medium.com/@gloria.zxl  My specialties: • Data-driven marketing • Machine learning modeling and database management • Market entry and expansion strategy • Business development • Due diligence and M&A advisory • China Hightech and healthcare industry 
 August 26 Who am I? ========= I am a Data Science Leader and a Data Strategist and I take great pleasure in envisioning the future of Data Science and evangelizing it. I am particularly skilled in growing and managing early-stage data teams
 Currently pursuing my Master's degree in Data Science from University at Buffalo NY. Aspiring to become a data scientist working in prediction algorithms as well as a python developer in analyst firms.  I am currently pursuing my Masters in Data Science at University at Buffalo (SUNY) with a GPA of 3.734/4 and will complete my course by December 2019 and will be graduating in February 2020. As a part of my curriculum I worked on ‘Rossmann Store: Forecasting the Sales’ project with an accuracy of 95%. Also worked on Twitter Sentiment Analysis
 I made a career transition from a semiconductor engineer to a data scientist. It was a long and hard but stimulating journey. With my physics background at least I was not intimidated by statistics and linear algebra used in data science. Currently I am working as a data scientist and am still studying machine learning on my own. 
 A Data Scientist with a keen eye on global trends in economy
 Jumping out of planes and going down bob-runs head first on nothing more than a tray may seem like a good way to injure yourself. I used to agree with you. However what if I told you that by using analytics I learned that you’re more likely to break a bone by tripping over your shoelace than skydiving? Whether for personal choices or in a business context
 During this global pandemic I’m holding daily I’m holding Data Science discussions. Method Data Science Discussions: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/method-data-science-discussions-beau-walker  Hire Me:  You can hire me and/or my team at Method Data Science on a per-project or retainer basis.   About Me:  I make companies faster more efficient
 Seasoned data scientist with experience in a wide variety of industries including energy finance and consumer tech. I optimize all the things utilizing machine learning
 India July 16 
 I am currently involved in predicting the potential failures in wind turbines using standard signal data in one of the leading wind energy company. I am responsible for predicting the failures in different failure modes using machine learning algorithms like Random Forest Decision trees and logistic regression.  I am also pursuing Business Analytics and Intelligence in Indian Institute of Management Banglore.  My area of expertise includes Predictive analytics
 30 years Design Experience.  70+ startups in the Bay Area LA. UX UI
 Lior Gazit is a resourceful data scientist with a proven track record of researching and developing advanced algorithms and practical applications.   With a strong academic background and diversified work experience he plans
 Business Intelligence and Analytics major Subjects: Data WarehouseSQLBig Data
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in R
 Having earned an Applied Math & Economics Bachelors degree from Harvard and a Masters in Data Science from Columbia I enjoy bridging the quantitative and the qualitative worlds together
 Data Scientist and Analytics Professional with 3+ years of experience in machine learning statistics data mining
 I am passionate about driving business outcomes through advanced analytics.  By leveraging structured and unstructured data I utilize machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to optimize supply chain logistics
 February 14 Passionate and detail-oriented Data Scientist with 6+ years of experience in driving business growth by generating insightful recommendations using Statistics and Machine Learning across financial and e-commerce domains. mathur_ankit 
 I am a Senior Machine Learning Engineer & Data Scientist with over 5 years experience in model development and cloud deployment. I have experience leading and building end-to-end Machine Learning solutions in production environments. My core technology stack includes python pyspark scala
 Yash is a Data Scientist II with Amazon currently part of the AWS AI ML Solutions Lab. In this capacity he works with customers to help them leverage applied ML science for novel applications.  Here
 I am a Quantitative Researcher with experience in academia and the software industry. Skilled in statistical modeling of natural resources (agriculture and fisheries)
 Hi I am Mehul Zawar. I graduated from Purdue University with Master of Science in Business Analytics and Information Management. I have learned advance topics in Data Mining and Predictive Analytics and their use in Business.  Some skills that I believe differentiate me from other candidates are thorough understanding of business processes
 Biostatistician and data scientist with 17+ years in public health and clinical trials. In my free time I develop causal inference methods for personalized digital health using wearable-device or app data in single-case / n-of-1 studies.  www.ericjdaza.com www.statsof1.org #blacklivesmatter  --- be kind to yourself and others | stay home/6ft+ apart | scrub hands 20sec+ | www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prepare/prevention.html | freedom = health + jobs 
 I enjoy the challenge of solving complex and impactful problems mining data and using mathematical methods to solve them. I enjoy collaborating with team members from different backgrounds
 D Dharmendra has around 8+ years of experience in the field of analytics(Data warehousing
 ▪ Innovative cooperative and detail-oriented professional with 3+ years of work experience in Data Science and Data Analytics.   ▪ Proficient in cleaning
 May 18 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry. Skilled in Python
 I am a biomedical engineer developing algorithms for optical sensors.  I worked as a researcher at the Beckman Laser Institute designing programs to assess physiological signals for peripheral arterial disease (PAD) and breast cancer. After doing consulting work in the medical software industry post-graduation
 An experienced data scientist hands on experience in interpreting and analyzing data through ML
 I have over 15 years experience in the intersection between behavioral health and predictive analytics. I've worked for major companies like IBM and Microsoft and their clients. I have had extensive experience in corporate and government verticals.  My particular strength is in taking qualitative research or business problems and turning those into repeatable quantitative solutions that deploy at larger scale. I also employ soft skills and systematic methodologies to gain consensus.  ​ I utilize a process to determine the business problem quantify it
 Senior Data Scientist with 10+ years experience in image processing data analysis
 
 Data Scientist Control Systems Engineer Physicist 
 
 Software engineer in San Francisco trained in Computational Physics. Passions include deep-learning distributed-system architecture
 Pursuing Master of Information System Management degree at Heinz College
 Skilled in R Tableau
 Data Scientist | Automotive | Finance | Algorithmic Trading | 
 Maine 
 
I am a Purdue grad with a degree in Mechanical Engineering and Statistics. I worked in the Predictive Science Lab with the research focus on applying various Machine Learning/Deep Learning algorithms on real-world engineering problems. I am most proficient in supervised Machine Learning and Deep Learning and prefer to work in a fast-paced hands-on and collaborative environment.   My love for ML began two years back when I tried to find out the reasoning behind the name 'Neural Networks'. What started as a small inquisitiveness became my passion and I did not look back since then. I have projects/experience covering various aspects of the Data cycle including Data Mining. Web Scraping
 As a business-minded Data Scientist
 Experienced Graduate Research Assistant with a demonstrated history of working in the software engineering industry. Skilled in data science python machine learning
 Years of Experience: 1.5 Aptitudes: Python Sklearn Pandas/Numpy
 Highly competitive
 Experience in product and marketing analytics
 Well Experienced Data Analytics and have mastered business Analytics workflow skilled in python programming and worked in various challenging machine learning and deep learning problems and also have best knowledge and experience about  AWS
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Skilled in Python
 Leveraging machine learning to help customers manage their costs on AWS 
 Data scientist with 2+ years experience skilled in R Python
 Three adjectives that best describe me are - inquisitive perseverant and an effective communicator.  I am a strongly driven by Einstein's words  If you can't explain it to a six year old
 Data Professional with Research and Development experience in Natural Language Processing Machine Learning and Statistical Analysis
 I studied Applied Mathematics and Computer Science at the Colorado School of Mines
 Data Scientist with a background in physics & math and over 10 years experience in finance & mobile commerce leveraging data to pilot investment decisions
 
10 years of data analysis experience (6 years in industry (data analyst) and 4+ years in academia (Ph.D.)) -  4 years of research data-science experience (Python SQL matplotlib
 Data Scientist with theoretical math and software engineering background. 
 I am an experienced Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer. My daily work revolves around exploiting and researching Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning use cases for problem at hand building predictive models and development of production grade software and machine learning systems. I have experience building predictive models to detect fraud provide recommendations and classifying risk. I also have more than 3 years of experience in the industry as a Backend Software Engineer building scalable applications
 •	Proficient in handling SQL statements and performing data analysis using various analytic tools like Python PySpark Tableau
 My pathway so far has been: psychology -> neural networks -> programming -> math -> artificial intelligence. Let's chat about something interesting! 
 
 Manisha Vyas has MS in Information Management from University of Washington Seattle with specialization in Business Intelligence and Data Sciences.   She has interned with PointB Management Consulting as a Business Intelligence Engineer and actively worked on various stages of data warehouse development and business intelligence reporting.   She has also worked with Technology and Social Change group at University of Washington in capacity of a Research Assistant to develop 'Development and Access to Information (DA2i)' dashboard for monitoring the progress of various countries towards achieving United Nation's 2030 Sustainable Development Goals.  She has over 4 years of experience in designing and implementing risk solutions at Deloitte’s Cyber Risk practice. She was part of the Information & Technology Risk Management (ITRM) group with key focus on Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) domain.   Certifications: RSA Archer Certified Administrator and ISO 27001:2005 Lead Implementer 
 September 21 Actively job searching for Data Scientist/Analyst positions.   Most recently I was a data scientist (contractor) working remotely for a NY-based startup
 I am a senior data scientist with experience in several different facets of machine learning deep learning
 I have over a decade of experience in using data science to solve business problems. I've lead data science machine learning and AI projects at Microsoft
 Machine Learning enthusiast 
 Ph.D. mathematician with a passion for solving complex problems and delivering product that outperform customer expectations.  Effective communicator of technical and business information honed by many years of leading separate teams of data scientists
 I am enthusiastic about devising innovative solutions to challenging business problems leveraging data science techniques. Through my experience with Mastercard in customer financial & business analytics I have become passionate about creating impact through data driven solutions.   My expertise lies in Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics. Skills: Hadoop (Hive
 Passionate about building neural networks and applying it to solve large-scale NLP problems involving text analysis
 
 My work focuses on designing scalable algorithms for the analysis of large social and information networks and recommender systems.  Specialties: Social Network Data Management and Analysis 
 Software Engineer with 4 + years of IT industry experience with 3 + year of experience in data science. Skilled in artificial intelligence
 Flectere si nequeo superos Acheronta movebo.   a Latin quote which translates to -  If I can not bend the will of Heaven
 I am a Data Scientist with profound interest in playing with data. I try to amalgamate technologies to produce optimised and valuable results. While teaching through
 I have a passion for telling stories through data for building tools for creating custom interactive visualizations
 Experienced self motivated engineer with a demonstrated history of working on the cross roads of Cyber Security and Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning. 
 I love combining big picture strategy with data-driven analysis to tell stories and influence decisions whether it's through investing
 Recent graduate in Business Analytics and Project Management from The University of Connecticut. I have a background in problem-solving using statistical analysis machine learning
 India 
 •	Strong background in statistical modeling machine learning time series
 Data Scientist @ Hohonu an early-stage startup dedicated to providing accurate tidal forecasts at a hyper-local scale. Passionate about the future of IoT and on device intelligence. 
 Seasoned Data Scientist with demonstrated history of working in Tech for Data Science & Analytics focusing on Health & Wellness and Retail areas like Pharmacy Vision Assortment
 Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence software engineer with professional experience in designing and implementing E2E ML Pipelines and Infrastructure. My open source Machine Learning and Computer Vision projects on GitHub are avail here: https://github.com/joehoeller 
 Experienced Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry and government analysis sector.   Skilled in Economic Policy Evaluation Data Science
 
 Computer Science enthusiast
 Building products to power FMP for Agencies program. Check it out here: https://www.facebook.com/business/agencies 
 I believe data driven decision making is key to an organization's success. I am an experienced data analyst and analytics solution design consultant having helped Fortune 500 companies make sense of their data. I am a quick learner and love to brainstorm on innovative ways for problem solving.  I am currently a graduate student at the University of Cincinnati for MS in Business Analytics where I aim to expedite my learning curve and build my analytical prowess. 
 There is something truly fulfilling about using technology to help people. And that's what I do. shubhankar_jain 
An engineer by training I apply quantitative analysis and modeling to deliver product and business insights and am generally interested in the intersection of data
 May 16 Data Scientist and AI enthusiast excited about building classification models
 
 Find me on twitter: twitter.com/ro_hit_ 
 Data Scientist working at the intersection of machine learning language
Data Scientist specializing in the field of Recommendation Systems with 2+ years experience  I enjoy and thrive in the phase of Zero to One: Successfully setup a Feed Personalization Engine from scratch for Glance - a screen zero content discovery platform with over 100Mn DAU. Currently working on more nuanced problems like serving Deep Learning based model predictions in real time
 Looking forward to leverage data analytical skills to improve corporate performance as a Data Scientist. 
 
 I am interested in building solutions to everyday problems. While my core expertise lies in traditional data science skills
 Masters in Computer Science from IIT DHANBAD.  Passionate about Research
 - Data scientist with 8 years’ experience in the Data Science/Advanced analytics domain - Hands on work experience in complex projects like building recommendation systems vehicle routing and  pricing systems - Proficient in SQLPython
 I have over 5 years of experience working in data science. Currently I work as Warner Bro's Senior Data Scientist improving products and services for our customers by using advanced analytics
 Received prestigious  Special Award  for contributing to Microsoft's success via critical impact to WDG. (February 2017)  Nominated as a  HiPo  Microsoft's prestigious internal training program for High Potential individuals to enable accelerated career growth (~0.3% from across the company are nominated).  Received  2015 Data Driven Award ​ at Microsoft. (June
 I am a passionate data evangelist who believes in creating strategy and informing decisions that are rooted in business acumen thoughtful research
 
 Data Scientist at Chief Analytics Office which is internal AI Center of Excellence at IBM. I am utilizing cutting edge technology to drive IBM's transformation such as NLP
 Self-starter | Go-getter | Effective Communicator  Specialties: - Data Mining and Machine Learning - Quantitative analysis and quantitative finance - Statistical models and clinical trials - Risk management modeling using VaR and Monte Carlo Simulation  Currently seeking full time data science/analyst opportunity. 
 Data science executive using my skills to help others. Combining rigorous science with human empathy.   Kindness | Creativity | Action. 
 
6+ years of experience in growth and product data analytics. Strategic thinker and impact driven. Built the data strategy for the first business online lending product in AMEX from the incubation stage to global-wide sustainable growth. Developed the company-wide adopted customer data platform in Groupon and drove lifecycle strategy across all business units. Built the metrics and reporting system in the Airbnb growth team. Hands-on experience on driving growth through Email
 Well rounded data scientist skilled in data preprocessing data wrangling statistical analysis
I am an experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of developing complex artificial intelligence solutions at top corporates and startups alike. Highly skilled in Deep Learning
 Data Science | Python | Signal Processing 
 Graduated with a Master’s degree in CS from NJIT specializing in the field of Data Science & analytics. 3 plus years of industry experience including a couple of internships in the field of Data Science/ Analytics. Experience of quantitative and qualitative research /Primary and Secondary research. Exceptional strategist analyzing trends and forecasting sales to develop long-term strategies key objectives
 January 27 Gagan Preet Singh is currently Senior Financial Analyst with the Finance Innovation Office at Hewlett Packard Inc. Prior to this
 5+ years in applied data science and machine learning.       • 10+ years in scripting and scientific programming.      • Continuous record of driving end-to-end complex data-driven projects. 

 I've gathered a unique set of experiences from working at a Translational Neural engineering Lab to working for the Millenium Villages Project at Columbia University
 Passionate data scientist with a demonstrated history of teaching and building predictive models. Skilled in R Python and SAS. Excited to be working for a company that is making automated machine learning accessible to everyone
 September 1 Podcast Host - GuestOfHonour anchor.fm/guestofhonor Passionate about innovation in healthcare. Ranking
 EvaFengEva 
 November 23 I currently work as a Data Scientist in Domino's Digital Analytics team and partner closely with Engineering and Marketing design team to influence product strategy conduct experimentation and iterate on UX ideas to help make data-driven decisions. Over 5 years of experience in SQL & Data Analysis working with large data sets.   Tools : Python/SQL/Hadoop/Power BI/Adobe Analytics/Excel on a daily basis for data analysis. 
 I am a Data Scientist at Scanbuy with MS in Business Analytics and Project Management (MSBAPM) from University of Connecticut.  Previously I worked with LIMRA as an insurance consultant to study the life insurance customer behavior and predict potential customers. Before that I worked as a Data Analyst in Infosys Ltd for 2.6 years mainly on forecasting

Analytics professional with 5 years of experience working with clients across CPG
 
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Data Science and Predictive Modeling. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Industrial Engineering (Data Analytics) from Texas A&M University. 
 - Dual-Title Ph.D. in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research with a minor in Computational Science. - Strong technical background in Data Mining Data Visualization Machine Learning
 I am passionate about improving decisions using Statistics - Data Science. Both these areas tremendously excite me and I constantly endeavor to enhance my understanding of these.  I have 8 years experience as data scientist ( HSBC Mu Sigma Inc.)  solving a wide array of business problems in marketing
Experienced Data & Applied Scientist  with a passion to develop Stats/ML models which contributes to the growth of the product. ★ Skilled in Machine Learning Data Mining Data Optimization and Decision Modelling
 Data Scientist with 10+ years of experience in leading ongoing and ad-hoc analyses leveraging applied statistics
 I lead a team of data scientists and machine learning scientists to build features
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry. Skilled in Data Mining Business Intelligence and Product Management. Strong research professional with a Master's degree focused in Engineering Management (Analytics) from Northwestern University and Bachelor's in Technology from IIT Bombay. 
 Experienced Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Microsoft Excel Life Sciences
 Hari Prakash is a Decision Scientist at PayPal currently working with the PayPal Global Collections Strategy team. He has previously worked with the PayPal Working Capital developing Credit Risk Strategies focusing both on growth and risk mitigation. He graduated with an MS in Operations Research from the University of Texas at Austin with a focus in the areas of Applied Statistics and Data science and also has a Dual Degree in Engineering Design from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT)
 Extensive experience and knowledge in big data data science statistics
 Storyteller operating at the crossroads between technology and business through data science and analytics.  Babson Alum. Previous experience in developing business intelligence tools in the aviation industry and advancing entrepreneurial tech. initiatives in Singapore and Hong Kong. Currently designing forward-thinking networks across all businesses at The Walt Disney Company using the power of machine learning. Driven to accelerate efficiency and social engagement.  Beyond my work I am passionate about development economics diversity and inclusion initiatives
 Leader of machine learning projects focused on prediction and geospatial data analysis using Spark on AWS. Familiar with regression time series SVM and neural network models. Proficient in API querying and scrapping open source data using Python. Also experienced in R
 Kaggle Competition Expert and Data Scientist with 4.5 years of experience in turning structured/un-structured data into actionable insights to make better data–driven decisions.  Good experience in implementing Machine Learning and Deep Learning models.  Skills - Machine Learning
 Data scientist with a background in real estate and finance. Currently working on a project to predict Airbnb prices through statistical analysis (regression decision trees) and natural language processing (sentiment analysis topic modelling) on webscraped data.   Before this
 I am a Data Scientist with BCG Gamma based in New York City focused on delivering high-value advanced analytics and AI consulting services to clients. Previously
 Lifetime Learner.DM for Digital Transformation AI Strategy and Data-Driven Decision Making. Experienced Data Scientist📊in Product
 Specialties:  - Data Mining Big Data
 Rich experience in delivering end-to-end machine learning solutions - 1. Business problem framing 2. Data prep 3. ML/Time Series algorithm development
 Author of  Data Science in Production : https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B083H2YWP4  I am a seasoned data scientist in the central data organization at Zynga and have a diverse experience across game publishers and startups with a focus on building impactful data products. bgweber 
I'm a data scientist and leader at Wipro with a mission to democratize Decision Intelligence and safe
 
Experienced data analyst with deep knowledge of finance and statistics statistical analysis
 am a data analytics professional working on online retail and marketing analytics to improve business performance for our clients in the US.  I work in a fast paced competitive environment on cutting-edge technologies of data extraction and aggregation

 Programmer - Data Science Enthusiast - Computer Gamer - Day Trader - Pet Lover / Rescue Volunteer  Have some degrees in Engineering - Worked in three continents - Travelled around the world - Speak some languages Life is short - Work Hard - Play Hard 
 2 years of Advanced analytics experience in Customer Loyalty domain. - Presently working for one of the world's leading technology companies in Internet related services and products.  I am hands on in Python
 Data Scientist with 8 years of experience in solving many real-world business problems across different domains with proficiency in developing and deploying machine learning models. Im_Disha 
 * Experienced top-notch software professional who has been involved for over 20 years in design
 
 Torture the data and it will confess to anything.  - Ronald Coase (Nobel Prize winning economist)  Data enthusiast and a programmer with the desire to solve the business problems using Data Science related techniques.I am excited about using data to solve interesting and impactful problems.  Skills ● Statistical analysis and data visualization using R
IBM certified Data Science professional with  8 years of experience in all phases of diverse technology projects specializing in Data Science & Analytics Data Warehousing
