AI in Market Analytics  various Supply Chain Entities to help our clients make better decisions to reduce costs and increase profits.   Read my blog for better understanding of how we do that and the whole pipeline of implementing AI in Market Analytics.  
Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working experience in the Artificial Intelligence field  my expertise in technologies such as Python  R  SQL  Machine Learning  Deep Learning  Tableau
   
   
  I am a Computer Science Graduate with a major in Data Science and experience in Predictive Machine Learning models and Data Pre-Processing. I have 1+ of experience in data wrangling  analysis and prediction using Python.  
   
 I am a data scientist  cookie baker  hacker  and coffee-lover working at MassMutual in the Data Science Development Program.     Link to HackHer413: www.hackher413.com  Check out my website or GitHub for work samples: www.katie-house.com www.github.com/katiehouse3  
interest in statistics from a young age  I have completed my undergraduate B.Sc. degree in Economics  Mathematics and Statistics  securing the first rank. I also pursued my Master's in Data Science in Liverpool  UK as a recipient of the British Council India 70th Anniversary Scholarship. I graduated with an overall distinction  including a distinction for my Master's dissertation.   My primary interest has always remained in sports  and the vast applications of data analytics in this field continued to become apparent during the course of my studies. This inspired me to focus my Master's thesis on the development of a live sports analysis model
  Experienced Junior Researcher with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language)  Computer Vision  Data Analysis  and Mathematics. Strong research professional with a BS MS degree  Majored in mathematics and have a minor degree in biology from Indian Institute of Science Education and Research  Thiruvananthapuram.  
working as a Data Scientist at Datapravid.  #Worked as a full-stack developer at Zeksta Technologies.  #Done Internship during Masters at one bit private limited.  #Postgraduate from Pondicherry Central Univerisity Computer Science Department. #Interests are Machine Learning  Artificial Intelligence  and Natural Language Processing.  
   
Data Scientist at BlackLine  I work to develop machine learning models for financial close solutions.  My research work focuses on innovating and designing applications using machine learning  specifically deep learning technologies. I am passionate about creating efficient solutions to solve challenging problems in interdisciplinary research areas.  
An avid learner and have recently completed master’s in data science from Northeastern university  Boston  MA. My interest lies in goofing around with data. The only focus is to get better at statistics  programming  wrangling  modeling  analyzing and visualizing data with each passing day.   	Languages:                               Python  R
  MS in Data Science student and former data storage engineer seeking summer 2020 internship. Experienced developing software and analyzing data for physics and engineering projects. Values transparent communication and strong relationships with stakeholders to deliver impactful results.  
  BA in Mathematics with a demonstrated history in software development and data analytics.  
  SQL | R  | Tableau | SAS | SPSS | Advanced Excel | Quick Learner | Team Player | Business Analyst |  - 1+ years Financial/Accounting related working experience. - Bachelor’s Degree in Business and Psychology and Master's degree in Business Analytics. - Knowledge of data cleaning  application of statistical techniques  machine learning and model evaluation to enable data-driven decision making. - Experience in developing predictive performance  analytics models and algorithms. - Comfortable with change and working in a fast-paced environment. - Strong motivated self-starter with great communication and problem-solving skills.  
  Junior Data Scientist working in the data science industry. Skilled in data cleaning and preparation using Python and working with a variety of modeling techniques to make predictions on future data.  
   
I apply my machine learning and statistics expertise to derive key insights across various industries  including manufacturing  retail  financial services  and healthcare  for leading global organizations. I work on multi-disciplinary teams
 
 Junior Data Scientist with nearly two years of relevant experience. Solving real-world problems.  
  history of working in the computer software industry. SQL Python Tableau web Developer Data Analysis and visualization  Machine (Deep)learning  ANN CNN
  A committed Data Science & Machine learning professional able of providing Data driven solutions leveraging skills from3.5  Years of experience & knowledge in Machine Learning  Artificial Intelligence  Deep Learning  Neural Network  SQL.  
An Enthusiastic Data Scientist  Proactive in nature  with 2+ years of experience in the Information Technology and Services Industry. Skilled in AI/Deep learning   Machine learning  Computer Vision  Statistics  Image Processing
 Data scientist and veteran leader.  
  Masters in Mechatronics System Engineering with a specialization in Smart materials. Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering  
 Biologist turned Data Scientist I am a recent Computer Science graduate with an extensive background in Biology. I bring solid experience in academic research  critical thinking  technical communication  scientific writing combined with discipline and attention to detail. I see an added value in the vision that cross-field knowledge and experience can bring. In my most recent training  I’ve acquired a set of core competences and skills for software development and data science. Being a determined  curious and goal-oriented individual I am looking for the environment that can provide mentorship and opportunities to sustain my drive to succeed.  
Computer Science engineering graduate. Skilled in Machine Learning and Data Science using Python  R  Tableau  and SQL.  
  As an entry level Data Scientist I aspire to build models that translate data points into business insights and also eager to use my skills and apply the same knowledge to real-world problems.  I want to expand my technical skills by working in an organisation with an opportunity in the Data Science domain.  
  Data Scientist at AIG | Master's in Data Analytics from Dublin Business School |  S
    Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Machine Learning  Statistics  Databases  Python  etc. Bachelor’s Degree with Honors in Applied Mathematics (Data Science Concentration) from University of California  Berkeley.  
Machine learning and Deep learning enthusiast with a passion for turning structured/unstructured data into actionable insights that helps in making better informed and data-driven decisions.  I enjoy working with data​: Data exploration  Feature engineering  Creating and Fine-tuning models  Predicting and Finding insights.  

 I'm currently a Junior Data Scientist at MassMutual.  I was a Mathematics and Data Analytics double major with a minor in Economics and an Actuarial Science focus at Denison University  graduated in May 2019.  • Technical Skills: R  Python  SQL  SAS  STATA  Excel VBA  Tableau
  I am passionate about using data science to improve marketing outcomes  with the goal of maximizing customer retention and optimizing the profitability of both online and offline marketing initiatives.  As former and current supervisors  co-workers and classmates will attest  I am self-motivated  have a relentless growth mindset  and while detail-oriented  consistently strive to look at the big picture. These traits have helped me to carry out sound  business-relevant projects
 Santa Clara  California   December 23   ● My experiential learning journey started as an Intern @ Informatica for 6 months  where I worked on Sales Order Data Mart with Descriptive and Predictive Data Mining using FP-Growth and Naive Bayes classifier.  ● Following which I worked as a Systems Software Engineer @ Infinera for 4 years. I worked on Chassis Simulator Platform  which taught me to shoulder various software development life cycle responsibilities and helped me groom as an all-around Software Engineer.  ● With a passion to create a difference in the education field  I pursued my Masters in Computer Science @ USC  to gain knowledge on AI
 A highly versatile and energetic Data Scientist that's knowledgeable in Big Data  machine learning  predictive modeling and curiously learning the latest skillsets to stay up to date in the data science field.   Technical Skills: - Python  HTML  CSS  Javascript  Django  Jupyter Labs - Pandas  NumPy
Data Scientist | Machine Learning Engineer |  
  I'm a Junior Data Scientist at the MGM-owned premium TV network  EPIX. Being part of the data science team  I work closely with developers  product managers as well as the engagement team  use data science tools to uncover valuable insights as well as deliver better products  and report to the management board for advanced decision-making. My skill set includes database management  business intelligence  predictive modeling
 I am a data science professional with eight years' experience identifying patterns in large and complex data. I am well-versed in machine learning techniques and more traditional statistical methods  especially pertaining to time series. I have worked both directly for technology firms and as a consultant to government agencies and private enterprises. I enjoy working with small  diverse groups to carry out the data science process from conception through delivery.  
  When you have mastered numbers  you will in fact no longer be reading numbers  any more than you read words when reading books. You will be reading meanings.  Behind every successful business lies its ability to make critical decisions and a business can come along when it’s decisions are bolstered with well-founded insights and data  To further augment my knowledge in this domain  I have completed my Master’s in Data Management at the Illinois Institute of Technology  Chicago with a concentration in Data Analytics/Data Science.  Currently working as Data Analyst at Walgreens.  With the desire and passion to explore and extract patterns in data  I have been working on Python and R and been exploring various data analysis tools and packages.  Competencies: Data Mining  Python
  Self-Motivated.  Life-Long Learner. Data is everywhere  turn into actionable insight.  *Learn *Implement *Teach  A Passionate and Determined person who can adapt to any environment where projects involving different types of data  platforms  and techniques.   harshithas8  
 Area of interests include Big Data Engineering  Database design and  Machine Learning.  
 A Data Science & computer science MS graduate with interests in  Machine Learning  Big Data and Statistical Analysis.  Seeking full time opportunities  assisting  a company turning data into actionable insights.   Skills: - Languages: Python  R  MATLAB  Java/Scala  JavaScript  HTML  CSS - Machine Learning Techniques: Supervised  Unsupervised
 Technology enthusiast with good exposure in C++  Python  Data Structures  Algorithms  Machine Learning and Deep Learning.   https://github.com/SumanthReddy9  
  Passionate towards utilizing data science  machine learning  and big data techniques to solve real life business problems  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Defense & Space industry. Skilled in Java  Microsoft Excel  C (Programming Language)  Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGA)  and Talent Management. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology focused in Electronics And Instrumentation Engineering from sree vidyanikethan engineering college.  
  
Hi  my name is Emily Schoof  Competencies: Python  SQL  Command Line  BigQuery  MySQL  PostGIS  Statistics
 Computer Vision and Machine Learning enthusiast.  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Interpreting Data  Data Science  Java  Data Analytics  and SQL. Strong engineering professional with a Post graduation focused in Business analytics from International institute of digital technologies.  
Data Scientist with hands-on experience applying machine learning  deep learning  and other statistical techniques to solve business problems in various business verticals like sales  marketing  operations  etc by leveraging vast structured and unstructured data sources.  Experience leading and mentoring other data scientists as well as facilitating coordination between various teams to drive projects from ideation to deployment and beyond.  Creator of Virtual Office Hours - https://www.linkedin.com/company/virtual-office-hours  
  Data enthusiast with strong analytical  creative and communication skills  along with a background in business development and finance. Proficient at drawing actionable insights from large data sets using tools such as Python  R and Tableau.  Technologies: Python | SQL | Tableau | Scala | Spark | R | Jupyter Notebook | Github | Excel | Google Sheets | Looker  Skills: Supervised & Unsupervised Machine Learning | Predictive Modeling | Data Visualization | Explanatory and Exploratory Data Analysis | Natural Language Processing  R Libraries: Dplyr | Tidyr | Knitr | Magrittr | Plotly | Ggplot2 | R Markdown   Python Libraries: Pandas | NumPy | SciPy | Matplotlib | Seaborn | Scikit-learn | Natural Language Toolkit | Beautiful Soup | Tweepy | Praw | Keras | TensorFlow  O/S: Windows | Mac | Linux Ubuntu  
 May 24    
  I’m Alex. I have fun predicting what the future will look and feel like  and I’m interested in companies that want to change it. I'm skilled at interfacing between people and computers. I can translate what code is doing into something intelligible by most humans  and can move backwards from English to bits. I learn quickly  adapting to the needs of my team and the skills demanded by my role.  Skills  tools I've worked with  buzzwords : Python  SQL  Redshift
   
 I am a recent graduate from UC Berkeley with a degree in Applied Mathematics and a focus on Statistics. I am interested in data analysis and statistical machine learning  as well as data visualization. I am a competitive chess player and tennis player and am passionate about their logical intersection: Sports Analytics.  
Experienced Data Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Analytical Skills  Data Science  AI  Microsoft Office  Computer Science  Data Warehousing  Python
 Physics taught me that you can't passively observe the universe and hope to get anywhere -- you have to actively engage with it  scrutinizing every detail to learn the underlying story of what drives it forward.  The dynamic nature of physics is what makes it fun for me: you should never be OK with  I don't know.   Data Science works in the same paradigm which is what drives me to start my career as a data scientist. When I'm not working I enjoy morning runs listening to Geopolitics podcasts or relieving stress in the gym  exploring new topics or ideas on the internet  or engrossing myself in a new Netflix series or video game.  Key Words: Data Science  Machine Learning (ML)  Python  Statistical Analysis  Physics
 Having three years of experience in the industry and a background in Applied Mathematics  I am part of the MS in Data Science program at Columbia University. After a fantastic summer internship at Airbnb  I will graduate this December (2019)  and soon I will be starting a new exciting position in California.  My primary interest is to understand human behavior through data. To achieve this  I use my substantial experience in Advanced Statistics and my knowledge of Machine Learning.  However  information is useless if it does not drive action. Consequently  I enjoy presenting my results to broad technical and non-technical audiences  with the conviction of improving any decision-making process.  
 Solution-driven Data Scientist with strong statistical and financial background and over 2 years of experience in data processing and cleaning  using predictive modeling and data mining algorithms to solve challenging business problems. Skilled in Python and core libraries (NumPy  SciPy  Pandas  Matplotlib/Seaborn  Scikit-Learn etc.)  SQL  and data visualization tools such as Tableau. Strong organizational  project
Seeking a data scientist position with significant project experiences in various areas. Including machine learning  data engineering  data mining  and data visualization. Extensive experience in data science  mathematics  and statistics. Solid programming skills in R  SQL  Python
  Gold Medalist from NIT  Raipur and having 3+ years is seeking a full-time  position in an organization  where I will get the opportunity to work under the guidance of top- notch  professionals enhancing my knowledge and allowing me to come up with tangible results. My area of interest primarily lies in the field of Machine Learning Data Analytics.  - Programming Languages: Python R - Operating Systems: Windows  Linux - Skills: NLP  Deep learning 
  Experienced data scientist.  Track record of developing and deploying operational analytics in the military and industry. Skilled in statistical and analytic programming  Systems Engineering  Life Cycle Cost Analysis  Operational Planning. Formally educated engineering professional with a  Ph.D. from Stanford's Management Science & Engineering Department and a Master of Science in Industrial and Systems Engineering from the University of Washington.  All of the opinions I express here are my own and do not constitute endorsement or consent of the United States Army.   isaacfab00  
  I am a data scientist. I am enthusiastic about Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. My goal is to be a Principal Data Scientist in Next 3-5 Years. I not only emphasize on knowing more about Machine Learning but also Statistics  some aspects of Data Engineering and efficient use of data structures and algorithms which is the most essential cornerstone of my job.  
 Experienced and results-oriented technical professional and thought leader specialized in machine learning development  deployment  and integration centered around pipeline optimization. Skilled in solutions engineering and architecting  data engineering and science  software and systems lifecycle development  management  and orchestration. A trusted advisor to higher level management on opportunity reviews  competitive strategy development  sales and product objective and direction. 

 I am a data scientist  an educator  and a consultant. These roles enable me to do what I love to do: empower others.  Professionally  I teach data science with General Assembly and am a managing partner with a consultancy. In these roles  I work tirelessly to share with others the tools and the knowledge to effectively and accurately leverage the wealth of data and technology at our fingertips.  I was raised with the ideal that service to others is among the most important things a person can do. From mentoring students seeking their path to assisting global non-profits through Statistics Without Borders  I volunteer in an attempt to pay forward some of the exceptional mentoring and support I have received over the years.   matthewbrems 
 -Project experience with the following machine learning/data mining algorithms: Regularized Regression  Logistic Regression  KNN  Random Forest  Naive Bayes  Support Vector Machines  Sentiment Analysis   K-means Clustering  GBDT

I am a Math and Data Science major at Cal Poly with a passion for finance  data science  and entrepreneurship.   Please feel free to reach out to me for any inquiries through Linkedin or by email: shobhit.asthana@yahoo.com.  

I am a data scientist with a background in architecture and urbanism.  My current motivation is to use data to provide actionable insights into the planet's complex ecosystem of problems.  Check out my data projects on medium  published in Towards Data Science:  Medium Pamaland1  Prior to founding GUS  a data-driven design consultancy  I developed over 15 architectural and urban design projects in a range of scales and sites from individual buildings in the United States and Europe to urban master plans in Asia and the Middle-East as an architect at Rem Koolhaas’ OMA.  My PhD research at the Royal Danish Academy of the Arts focused on analysis and projections of the recent international transformation of rural regions in terms of de-population  demographic shifts  and new modes of temporary living and networked working.   Skills include but are not limited to: -Python -SQL -NoSQL -Machine Learning (Regression and Classification Models) -Unsupervised Learning -NLP  
  Skilled data scientist that understands the business value and also the mathematics behind implementing machine learning/deep learning models. I've used machine learning for decision making  assessing risk  statistical modeling  assessing performance  adding value to companies and my personal investments.  
    moefasa90  
 Data scientist with eight years of experience in structured energy finance. Proficient in transforming data into optimized business decisions.  Technical skills: Python: Pandas  NumPy  SciPy  Scikit-learn  Matplotlib  nltk  spaCy  Re  Selenium SQL/NoSQL: SQLite
 J2 visa holder with a valid Employment Authorization in the US. Visa sponsorship is NOT required in the US.  I have a PhD in Physics plus 3 years of industry experience as a Data Scientist  amounting to 7+ years of data-related work. I had a key role in the international expansion of Neoway by managing projects with US customers. Also  I mentored Data Science Master's students on R&D projects in NLP  as part of the University of Columbia's industry affiliates program.  
  Learn End to End Data Science. Please Subscribe here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6VPXglDoZYMOj2kr-flNJQ  Problem Solver.  Please FOLLOW if you'd like to keep reading my posts. I have exhausted the number of connections I can possibly have.  
  Working as a junior data scientist and collaborating with various teams and individuals across Sherwin Williams. My strengths lie in data analysis  computer programming  discrete event simulation (DES)  and partnering with subject matter experts to solve problems. I work mainly in R and Netezza  but am familiar with Python  JavaScript  and HTML/CSS development.  I am interested in new and emerging technologies and DLTs like Blockchain and using data to optimize a company's internal or external operations.  
  As a Data Enthusiast  I am deeply excited by the impact data mining and machine learning will have in solving previously realizable deep-rooted business problems. I want to be part of the revolution that is going to redefine how companies leverage data to provide never imagined extraordinarily personalized services and products.  The learning opportunity while building data products using statistics  big data and supporting technical infrastructure is what keeps me motivated.   Recent Data Science Projects: PROJECT 1: CLASSIFYING YOUTUBE VIDEOS BASED ON TEXTUAL DATA AND STATISTICS:  TECHNICAL SKILLS: SQL Python - NumPy  Pandas  Matplotlib  Seaborn  Scikit-Learn  etc. R - base R
  Self-motivated data scientist proficient in Python and R  with an academic background in Mathematics and secondary education. Professional experience includes four years as an account and sales manager in the Interior Design Industry in Sydney Australia; U.S. Department of Commerce  Bureau of the Census as a Junior Analyst for Census 2010.  
  
A focused  dedicated  self-motivated engineer working his way increasing his skills  
  Experienced as a Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python   R   Machine Learning    Data analysis and Visualization Technique  Cognos and Statistics . Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) focused in Computer Science from Kamla Nehru Institute of Technolgy.  
  M.S. in Data Science Program graduated from St. Johns University. Seeking an opportunity in data science or business analysis field. Experienced with programming languages: SQL/MySQL(ETL)  Python(NumPy  Pandas  NLTK  Scikit-learn)  R  VBA. Proficient with Excel(V-Lookup  Pivot Table...) and Tableau. Excellent skills in data extraction and transformation
  Proficient in using Python and R to analyze data and build machine learning models. Good at SQL  Hadoop  Hive and Spark. Familiar with Java and object-oriented programming. Currently looking for internship or full-time job in data analytics  and machine learning. Github: https://github.com/louis-huang  
 DJ Patil has held a variety of roles in Academia  Industry  and Government.   He is Head of Technology for Devoted Health  a Senior Fellow at the Belfer Center at the Harvard Kennedy School  and an Advisor to Venrock Partners.  Dr. Patil was appointed by President Obama to be the first U.S. Chief Data Scientist where his efforts led to the establishment of nearly 40 Chief Data Officer roles across the Federal government. He also established new health care programs including the Precision Medicine Initiative and the Cancer Moonshot  new criminal justice reforms including the Data-Driven Justice and Police Data Initiatives that cover more than 94 million Americans  as well as leading the national data efforts. He also has been active in national security and for his efforts was awarded by Secretary Carter the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service which the highest honor the department bestows on a civilian.   In industry  he led the product teams at RelateIQ which was acquired by Salesforce  was founding board member for Crisis Text Line which works to use new technologies to provide on demand mental and crisis support
  Currently working with data across various domains  focusing primarily on ease of interpretability of data using tools such as Power BI and Tableau. Indulging in the study of using the data for generating actionable insights and solve various business solutions.  
 Data Scientist  Machine Learning specialist with experience in both programming and data mining. Expertise in predictive analysis and identifying and solving business related problems.  Former Student - Athlete and I live by one simple rule. Give 100% effort or don't do it at all. This personal promise has changed my life and has taught me that passion ultimately drives my goals.   MattEvanoff24  
 a Bioinformatics Data Scientist at Greenlight Biosciences   I employ Data Science and Machine Learning techniques for the integrative analysis of Next Generation Sequencing data using high-throughput methods. I enjoy answering compelling questions to enable discovery and novel insights from Big I am a certified Data science instructor at Carpentries and Datacamp. In addition to teaching Data Science and programming  I also teach software technologies such as Git  Docker  and Singularity.   upendra_35  

 Data Scientist and software engineer with 4+ years' industry experience in devops  data pipelines  and analytics. Passionate in assisting a company turning data into actionable insights.   Skills: - Languages: Python  R  MATLAB  C  C++  Java
  Experienced Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) focused in Computer Engineering.  Skills: Languages: R  Python  SQL  MATLAB  C  C++  C#  Java   Databases: Oracle 11g
  Graduated from a double master's degree in Computer Science between my Engineer school in Angers  France and the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago  USA. I have specifically designed my studies and experience to not only to develop my quantitative skills but also to challenge myself to become an expert in Data Science.  I'm a self-motivated engineer who turned data scientist with an insatiable curiosity for all things: tech  data  IoT  machine learning  Deep Learning. I have the ability to design analytics solutions from the ground up  with expertise in a range of data products
 Hi  I am Vyjayanthi but I also go by VJ!  Right out of college  with a Bachelor's degree in IT  I knew I wanted to continue working with technology but not in the web tech/software engineering domain. I started with product analytics and management at a software company. One of my key achievements here was using data driven decisions to make business recommendations towards the redesign of my product. These recommendations helped the company in increasing the user base for the product. This solely happened because I am someone who has the skills to deep-dive into the product not only from the corporate business side but also from the customer perspective. I am adept in identifying pain points from a user point of view. This is precisely when I realised I can leverage data  which is present in any and all industries  tap into insights that weren't explored before and benefit not only the company  but the consumer as well. A couple of experiences later  I am now a proud Master's graduate from the University of Maryland - go Terps! - looking to leverage my skills in an industry and company that is not only focused on their corporate standing but also the social good of the community. That is who I want to work for.  I am also dedicated to continued learning/education. With the evolution of technology  it is vital to stay at the forefront of that advancement. As a by-product of this belief

 Working to make your data tell a story!!  Graduated from NIT Raipur in 2018  I am currently working as an Associate Data Scientist at Datametica on Machine Learning  Data Analysis  Deep Learning  NLP and Image Processing Projects.  
  Self-motivated Machine Learning Engineer  Master’s in Statistics | DS at Columbia University with 2 years of ML and DL experience  skilled and experienced in statistical modeling and tests  ML  DL  Web Scraping  NLP  web development
  
  I have more than seven years of progressive data science and machine learning expertise  having spearheaded myriad data analyses from the ground up across numerous organizations  most notably spanning the following industries: law  financial technology  insurance technology  and education.  The common theme across my direct work with attorneys  CFO  CRO
   
   
  Data Science Manager  lastly at Wayfair  launching the SEO Data Science initiative to improve webpage rankings organically. Formerly a Director at a hedge fund where I specialized in CLO tranche investments. Over the years I have enjoyed mentoring junior staff and leading teams of data scientists  quantitative analysts  developers and data providers in France  the USA and India on extensive modeling projects.   I studied mathematics and physics at leading French universities and attended MIT on a research exchange program during my master's degree at Mines ParisTech. I graduated with an MBA from Harvard Business School where I focused on Economics and Finance and a MS in data science from ENSAE. I am a native citizen of the European Union and the USA.  
  Working as a Data Scientist at Walmart Labs. Graduate student of Business Analytics at University of Texas at Dallas. Bachelor in Computer Engineering from Vishwakarma Institute of Technology  Pune  India. Former Junior Data Scientist at Cybage Software Private Limited for two years. I strongly believe in data driven decisions.  
  Resourceful  multifaceted water resources engineer turned data geek on a mission to make meaningful contributions in any way I can. With my grit and my unrelenting commitment to making a difference  I welcome every challenge that comes my way enthusiastically.  Having had the privilege to study  intern  volunteer  and work in seven different countries  I have been fortunate to learn from some of the brightest minds around the world. Through these experiences  I have acquired invaluable technical skills and developed swift adaptability to effectively collaborate with high-performing
  Passionate about data science  engineering and machine learning. Computer engineering graduate from UC Irvine. I have diverse work experience including database management for an IT security company and web scraping   database design and financial analysis for a financial services company and data pipeline building for an Insurtech startup. In addition  I have worked on many projects on the side involving computer vision  NLP and other interests.  
   
transition from Web Development to Data Analytics and Business Intelligence.  Committed to constant Learning and Expanding my Skills  Knowledge  and Experience to be a better version of myself everyday and make this world a better place. Feel free to Connect  Suggest  and Collaborate.  

I am a Data Engineer  with an insatiable intellectual curiosity  and the ability to mine hidden gems located within the large set of data. I have hands-on  experience in machine learning  Deep Learning  and statistics to draw meaning insights from the big dataset. I am good at communication and storytelling with data.  
  Microsoft Certified Data Scientist with capability of translating business problems into research question  designing and conducting analysis  extracting insights that contribute values to business. Over 10 years of broad experience in Data Science  Business  Project Management  Engineering  Construction and Academia.  Expertise in implementing advanced Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing algorithms and employing Exploratory Data Analysis
 India   Technology is something that has always amazed me and left me clueless.In the search for  answers I fell in love with programming. I freelanced for startup's and gained experience in developing web applications. Simply put I'am a fast learner with a desire to learn more.  
   

 Enabling one of the largest tech giants with making smarter decisions by leveraging Math  Business expertise and Technology coupled with problem solving skills.  

  Autonomous vehicles enthusiast  prototyper and tinkerer. I love robots  space and building stuff.   Klintcho  
 August 29   Scikit-Learn Contributor || Deep Learning Researcher || Data Science || Statistical Machine Learning || Reinforcement Learning || Business Intelligence || Algorithm Optimization || AI in Finance  
  I am a Data Scientist/Analyst and Biomedical Informatics PhD candidate with specialization in generating insight from data. I have experience developing data-driven analytical strategies that address meaningful problems. Skills: Data Analysis  Data Visualization  Python  Machine Learning  Data Mining  

 I am a highly detail-oriented  inquisitive and efficient individual. Quality and integrity are of utmost importance to me. I am a very passionate about mathematics and its real world applications  I am an enthusiastic learner. I am interested in Data Sciences and it's applications.  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of prototyping and deploying production ready machine learning solutions  
  

  Experienced Data Scientist with over 3.5 years of experience in Data Science. Excellent reputation for resolving problems  conducting process improvement projects.Skilled in Python  Statistical Data Analysis  Natural Language Processing  Big Data Analytics  and Data Science. A strong business development professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (BE) focused on Computer Science And Engineering from Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer networking industry. Skilled in Python  Machine Learning  NLP  SQL  Spark  Statistical Data Analysis. Strong engineering professional with a B.S. from UCLA in Applied Math and Computing and Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Data Science from U. of New Haven.   BrantYukan  
  Currently a Data Scientist on the Instagram Home team  Marlene has worked on key user-facing product algorithms like News Feed  and Instagram Feed and Stories ranking. Trained as a behavioral social scientist  she received her PhD in Political Science from NYU in 2017  where she worked on topics like the effects of information disclosure using methods like applied game theory and controlled computerized lab experiments with student subjects.  Her professional focus has been on the design and evaluation of AI models as well as the metrics and A/B tests that are optimal to understand their performance.  
  I am interested in challenging problems that involve software development and algorithms design. Currently  I am a Data Scientist at Fico.  

 Skill-sets:  NLP and ML techniques – Text Classification  Text Summarization  Analytics  Data Engineering  Visualization  Predictive Modelling
  A dedicated professional focused on reaching new heights by constantly improvising skills in the field of Data Mining  Machine Learning and Statistical Analytics. 
  I enjoy problems in these areas  I find them challenging and I like solving them efficiently. Having expertise into solving around 10 to 12 predictive analytics problems from real world scenarios at high scale frequency of execution. I intend to gain expertise in Cognitive Science  Computer Vision and Advanced NLP techniques using deep learning.  Data Scientist with core experience in building automated solutions  about 6+ years of experience in industrial data science and analytics. passionate about applying technology  AI ML

 I am passionate about working with numbers and working with people  helping organizations capture the signal and sift through the noise. My diverse background and skill set in software development  statistical inference  data wrangling  data visualization and predictive analytics demonstrates that I have the ability to derive meaningful insights from data to drive business decisions.   Experienced in several professional team projects for Siemens and AnalytixLabs  including serving as project lead prepares me for leadership  creativity
  I am an experienced analytics professional with a true passion for data science/data analyses. I am looking forward to applying my knowledge and a deep love for Mathematics/Statistics to solve challenging and exciting problems in industry using state of the art machine learning techniques.  I love analyzing data using these tools to create meaningful insights. I am looking for opportunities that would give me such problems to solve because I find it extremely gratifying to be part of a team that applies datasets to solve exciting problems using Machine Learning.  Skills: Python (Numpy  Pandas  Matplotlib  Scikit-Learn)  SQL  Machine Learning ((Supervised Learning: Linear/Logistic Regressions  Random Forests  Bagging
  Data Scientist with experience in product development  marketing experiment  and go-to-market strategy. Passionate to wrestle with complex data and apply data insights to tell stories and solve business problems.  Programming: Python (sklearn  XGBoost  pandas  numpy  matplotlib)  R
  I really like machine learning   data science  urban farming  renovating my house  and riding bikes :)  
  I have 4+ years of professional experience in the analysis  design development and testing. Motivated by a desire to improve and participate in solving difficult problems. Dedicated to improving quality and giving my best effort in everything that I do. Graduated from the University of Utah in Information Systems with a concentration on Data Analytics and Predictive Modelling. Excellent academic credentials (GPA: 3.97) with a strong background in Math and Statistics and strong communication and presentation skills.  Tools and technologies that I have worked on: •	Analytical tools: Tableau  R studio  OBIEE  MS Excel  D3 JS  Adobe Analytics  Alteryx

	Strong passion and skillsets to solve user growth and engagement problems •	Strong product leadership ability to identify opportunities  build roadmap  influence cross-function  define metrics and drive execution •	7-year industry experience in building product and driving strategy with analytics •	3+ years of tech lead experience in building strong analytics team via mentoring  teaching  training  and recruiting  
  My interests include Machine Learning  Natural Language Processing and other data science fields. I have past experience in some of these areas and I am keen to work on projects that offer learning opportunities and provide a platform to nurture my skills and knowledge.  

Data Scientist with a passion for turning data into actionable insights  and meaningful stories. Right from the data extraction until the final data product or actionable insights  I enjoy the journey with the data. A dedicated and determined person who can adapt to any environment which is quite evident from the cross-domain projects involving different types of data  platforms and techniques I have worked on. Apart from the skills related to data capture  analysis & presentation  I possess good problem-solving skills. Being from the computer science field is really an add-on to do things quickly and in a reusable manner. Along with Machine learning  I believe in Quick learning as and when needed.  Competencies: Data Science

Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Retail  BFSI and Ad-Tech Industries.  Skilled in statistical software like R   Python  Spark  SPSS  SQL and interested in Machine Learning  Data Mining and NLP. Strong professional with a Master’s Degree focused on Applied Statistics. 

urrently working in Zensar Technologies as a Jr. Data Scientist for last 2.9 years. And I am deeply motivated for ML and AI  
 A passionate and self-driven researcher interested in data mining  big data analytics  and machine learning.  
 May 4   .  
 Presented a research work at Workshop at NeurIPS (NIPS) 2018  Montreal  Invited teacher of “Deep Learning” course for MSc Students at KSE ( 
   Teacher of  Computer Vision  course for Master Students at UCU University  2018  Contributed to an Open Source projects https://github.com/Cadene/pretrained-models.pytorch  etc with 4K+ stars  Teacher of  Deep Learning in Computer Vision part 2. Go deeper  at Lviv Data Science Summer School  
    Won The Best project Award at Advanced Computer Vision Winter School at UCU  2017  Mentor in AI Boost Hackathon  speaker at Kyiv Data Spring  Women Who Code  etc  Certified Scrum Master (Certification ID: 000755316) 
 I am a collaborative  driven  and multifaceted Boston College 2020 graduate with a B.S. degree in Biochemistry. Supplementing my time in university  I have dedicated my energies to meaningful clinical  research  and data analysis experiences. Beyond my degree  I have been engaging myself in learning Computer Science and Statistics concepts. Adaptive with high emotional intelligence  I work exceptionally well on teams  but also excel working individually and under pressure. 
  Strategy-focused data scientist with 5 years of experience applying quantitative methods to interesting business questions.  I make very good use of my philosophy degree.  
   
  Junior Data Scientist and Industrial Engineer/Operations Researcher with 4+ years of academic/project work and industry experience. Combined data analysis and mathematical optimization to build production web services for assignment problems and real-time prediction. Industry experience in statistics  mathematical optimization  and computer programming. Dual degrees in Statistics (BA) and Operations Research (MS). Raised in snowy Minnesota.  
   
 Data Scientist seeking out interesting problems.  
  I am a machine learning enthusiast and data scientist with over 2 years of experience building  training and optimizing neural network architectures to solve challenging problems using  but not limited to  tensorflow  pyrotch and pyspark. My graduate research in using Artificial Intelligence for legged robot locomotion led to a first author publication in the American Control Conference 2019. My individuality is reflected in my ability to integrate key aspects from various domains of my CMU graduate coursework into my work. I am currently working as a data scientist at Microsoft in the Cloud and AI division. I am looking to connect with other enthusiasts in this field to discuss research papers and undertake personal projects to help augment each other's skillset in this domain.  
  Researching small business dynamics at the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Passionate about using big data to inform decision makers  explain consumer behaviour and drive positive change. Experience include analytical work in retail  corporate and investment banking  as well as social science research.  
  
  Self -motivated Data Scientist experienced in handling Big Data. Adapt at communicating with Business Intelligence team to report the key insights of data to assess organization needs. With a background in computer engineering and statistics. Core competencies include Data extraction managing   analyzing and reporting.  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the retail and consulting industries. Skilled in Machine Learning  Deep Learning  Statistics  and Visualization. Strong engineering background with a Master of Science - MS in Data Science from Southern Methodist University.  
 Passionate about using data to advance people decisions.  Expertise: Strategic Workforce Planning; Retention analytics; Learning analytics; Employee value proposition; Organizational Health  Undergraduate background in Applied Math  Statistics  and Finance. CFA level I (passed)  Masters degree in Learning Analytics.  
  March 20   Enthusiastic about Data Science  Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Skilled in Python  C++  PyTorch  TensorFlow. Strong educational background in Computer Science and Engineering from IIT Bombay with a CPI 9.11  
 Data scientist and machine learning engineer. Worked on a variety of projects  from prototype/POC modeling exercises to production-ready systems builds  usually from scratch. Broad experience with statistical learning  machine learning  and deep learning  with a focus in natural language processing (NLP). Familiar with all stages of the machine learning model lifecycle.  
 August 2   To be continued...  
  Personal website: dylanrandle.github.io  
  Understanding how maths  business  and technology can help us make better decisions in the future is what I'm working towards. Business acumen is my USP  along with strong technical backing in Data Science tools like R  Python  SQL  PySpark. Having worked with chatbots
   
 • Experience: ​3-years: Python  R  Git  Machine Learning (ML) & Modeling; 1-year: C  SQL  TensorFlow & PyTorch; Experience using Spark  AWS  GCP  ​OpenCV
   
   
  Data Science professional with 5 + years of experience. My current area of focus is unravelling consumer behaviour in retail/ecommerce using the ever evolving suite of ML/statistical models and empowering the business by building such insight generating data science products.  
  I work as a NLP Data Scientist at GumGum where I tackle interesting NLP problems in the Digital Ads space. I graduated with Masters in Computer Science from Arizona State University with my thesis in the area of Natural Language Processing.  To pursue my interest in the Data Science and Analytics field  I have been focused in research in the area of Natural Language Processing. My Thesis is about improving Textual Entailment which is an important precursor to all Natural Language Question Answering systems. Other areas of my research work include Clinical Natural Language Processing(NLP) which involves applying the techniques of NLP on the Electronic Health Records to automate and aid various Health Care Domain participants.   I also worked part-time as a Data Analyst at Enterprise Marketing Hub in ASU tackling marketing use cases for ASU involving Text Analytics  Topic Modeling and building Dashboards  aiding the decision makers at ASU.  As an Associate Data Analyst in Sapient's Data Engineering and Analytics Capabilities team  I worked on building Predictive Models for Capital Market use cases at Sapient using Machine Learning algorithms and researched data-driven ideas for areas like Customer Segmentation  Hyper parameter optimization in Predictive Models  ensemble methods for supervised learning algorithms  Log Analytics
   
  I started my Computer Science Journey with Full Stack Android Programmer then switched to Data Science. My current work revolves around Research in NLP for vernacular Languages and also Deploying  ML/DL models to production.  I also host regular meetups in Bengaluru with the name Entirety.ai and Recently I have been selected as the  Event Ambassador for Pie and AI meetups by deeplearning.ai.  
 October 2   In the short run  I enjoy analyzing data to reveal hidden business insights. In the long run  I look forward to becoming a data scientist to solve thorny real-world problems.   During the quarantine days in New York City  I've gained a deeper understanding of Python in the following topics:          -  OOP (object-oriented programming) and class 	- a greater mastery of Pandas and Numpy 	- the distinction between Object-Oriented and stateful plotting with Matplotlib 	- the beauty of Seaborn in statistical EDA (explanatory data analysis) 	- web scraping to get real world data and ways to access HTML tags and attributes  	- iterator  iterable  functional programming like list comprehension 	- Folium for creating interactive marker  cluster   and Choropleth maps 	- Plotly and Cufflinks for presentation-level interactive visualizations  My next step is Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing (NLP).  Please find on my website with projects I've done in business/data analytics
  Mixed-methods data science researcher and leader. 7+ years experience in quantitative  qualitative social research and analysis conducted autonomously and collaboratively across project life-cycles. Skilled at collecting  analyzing  and interpreting large data sets  developing new forecasting models  and performing data management tasks. Experience in developing research designs and models utilizing experiments  survey research methods  statistical models
   
  Professional experience of 3 years in Data mining and Machine Learning. Well partitioned in Data preprocessing and preparation  Feature engineering for both structured and unstructured datasets. Hands-on experience with the classification  regression and clustering Data science modelling. Working Experience in helping the business experts to get insights from the data level and business level understanding of the Machine Learning problems. Excellent knowledge in generating visualizations and have hands-on with Python  R  java. Familiar with working environments like RStudio  Jupyter notebook  Spyder. Understanding all formats of sensor data  raw data formats and data integration with enough experience in Internet of things [IOT].  Machine Learning skills: Natural Language processing
  PhD in Statistics with a broad background and a variety of skills including statistical learning and data mining  statistical data analysis such as multivariate data analysis  time series analysis and Bayesian data analysis  modeling and simulation of high-dimensional data  Monte Carlo Markov Chain (MCMC)  inference  Variational Bayesian (VB) inference  etc.  
   

Electronics & Communication Engineering Graduate with strong Programming background  well versed in Algorithms & Data Structures as described my colleagues  with experience in Machine Learning and Data Analysis  looking forward to join a fast-paced and innovative company.  
  My name is Qian CHEN.   By learning statistics for several years and participating in projects utilizing my knowledge  I have acquired valuable experience in designing and completing data reports providing actionable business intelligence related to the company's products and services.  
 Massachusetts   September 23   MS in Data Science from NYU Center for Data Science. Expertise in NLP and Computer Vision.   As a Data Scientist at Fidelity AI Center for Excellence  I build functionalities for Chat bots and Search engines to help customers interact efficiently with Fidelity.  Publications: - Unsupervised Paraphrase Generation DARTS  Tool for Automatic Brain Segmentation 

  Software Developer turned Data Scientist with 2+ years of experience using predictive modeling to solve challenging business problems in data mining and cognitive computing.  
  Working backwards from the business goal  I ask the right questions. From building infrastructure to pipelines to presentation to production  I'm an end-to-end mover and finisher.  
  I'm a novice data enthusiast  who'd love to eventually become a storyteller of data. I strongly believe that math and statistics are key to truly understanding what any data has to say  and strive to dive deep into the inner workings of algorithms.   I find working on understanding data with people towards a common  worthwhile goal  hugely enjoyable and rewarding. Throughout my work and internship experience  I was extremely pleased that as a team  we successfully implemented systems so as to solve challenging problems affecting living beings. No matter where I work
 August 8   I have a passion for all things research and data.  I have a great deal of experience dealing with large data sets  on the magnitude of petabytes.  I have demonstrated expertise in utilizing such data  following the scientific method to draw conclusions about various domains (technology  health  the environment  and politics)  and into causing and seeing through various actions to be taken based upon those conclusions.  I am an expert at data processing  from schema design
   
 I am passionate about driving change through data.  Interested in exploring areas of data mining  randomized experiments  machine learning  natural language processing and data visualization.  
   
  Have Problem? Will Solve.  
  An experienced Data Scientist and Software developer who loves Data Analysis and coding in python.  Expertise Include -  1. Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) using libraries like Pandas  NumPy  etc 2. Machine learning techniques using Scikit learn and keras. 3. Microservices Architecture and REST APIs (Flask  gRPC) 4. SQL  Cassandra 5. Data Visualisation using Tableau  Matplotlib  PowerBI  
 I am a fun loving geek! I am always inspired by how sapiens have used technology to overcome some of the barriers to evolution. I would someday want to work towards improving healthcare using AI to allow for quick and accurate identification and treatment of diseases.  Currently working as a data scientist at BERG Health to identity diagnostics and therapeutics for rare diseases based on patient molecular profile and electronic health records (EHR).   DarkestFloyd  
  Data scientist excited to use machine learning to explore data  find underlying patterns  and make more informed decisions. Fluent in Python  SQL  and statistical analysis is supplemented by analytic outlook learned through research and education as a bioengineer. Strong beliefs in growth  experimenting  and continued learning reinforced through successfully starting a martial arts school.  
 I am currently an MBA candidate at Kellogg School of Management where I am majoring in Finance  Entrepreneurship  and Management Science (STEM). I also work as a Data scientist at Northwestern University  Feinberg School of Medicine.   I am highly proficient and have significant experience in the areas of Data Science  Machine learning  Natural language processing and Deep learning. I have worked on several projects applying advanced analytics techniques to patient healthcare data and published research papers in leading medical journals and presented at international conferences. Some of my publications can be found here https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=JPKDrLoAAAAJ&hl=en.  In the past  I have worked at Microsoft Research India  National University of Singapore and Google Summer of Code in various research positions. I have significant programming experience and am proficient in Python  R and Java. 
 I am a young professional with an Industrial Engineering background who fell in love with data related solutions some years ago.  I strongly believe in software as a way of increasing productivity and improve the life quality of the employees  as well as the best tool to allow us to analyze the business problems  metrics  and results.  I’ve been lucky enough to work on roles that involved Data Analysis and Data Visualization frequently  and only after my Master's program  I’ve been experimenting with some mathematical modeling in my job to help us better understand some Public Transit patterns.  
 5+ years of experience as a Data Scientist embedded in various product teams  working with cross-functional partners and leading data foundations  product experimentation  exploratory analysis and machine learning to inform critical business decisions.   Looking for Sr. Data Scientist opportunities in tech in LA/SF.  
 March 11   I am a passionate Data Scientist and ML Engineer in Bloomenergy. I am passionate about building and deploying Machine Learning /Deep Learning models in multidisciplinary fields for effective marketing  Anomaly Detection  Fraud Detection   reduction of costs among others.  My skillset range from  - Business and strategic acumen to solve real world problems. - Knowledge about Machine Learning  Deep Learning and statistical techniques. - Application of Machine Learning/ Deep Learning in Computer Vision  NLP and Image classification and recognition. - Python Programming. - Data Engineering for ingestion and transformation in Large scale systems. - Real Time Analytics using Streaming architectures.  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in both large-scale enterprises and smaller startups. Skilled in Machine Learning  Statistical Data Analysis  Statistical Modelling  Data Science  and Java. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) focused in Mathematical Sciences from The University of British Columbia / UBC.  Robust deployment capabilities ranging from customer-facing situations to solely product deployment settings to research environments.  
 University of Maryland graduate currently working and living in the New York City area. Focusing my career on using research and analytics to improve how industries and companies function. I'm a passionate sports fan and passionate about giving back to the community through volunteering and fundraising.  Proficient in: ArcGIS  Solidworks  Microstation  Python  R  SQL  Microsoft Office Suite  SAP Business Objects  Nielsen Soundscan 

Having knowledge on machine learning  data analytics  statistics  tableau .  

  I enjoy making sense of large and messy data to drive decisions... or just make pretty graphs. In my past life I used these skills to design and analyze large solar concentration systems.   SunThermEnergy  
  Experienced Senior Data Scientist with a demonstrated history working in the Internet industry. Skilled in Information Retrieval  Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. Strong engineering professional with a PhD in Computer Science from the University of Maryland College Park.  
  I'm a Data Scientist who can apply machine learning to address business problems by translating data into meaningful insights that improve user outcomes and experience.  I can help your data science team collect  manage  and manipulate large  complex datasets using machine learning and other statistical analysis techniques.  Here's what I can offer any company looking to get ahead using emerging technologies in machine learning and business analytics:  ★ Programming skills using R  Python  MATLAB  Java  HTML
   

  I'm not very active on LinkedIn. You can contact me at http://randalolson.com/contact  I'm the Chief Data Scientist at FOXO BioScience  where I'm building a data science team that is merging cutting edge epigenetics research with advanced machine learning methods to improve life expectancy prediction for the life insurance industry and beyond. I specialize in AI  machine learning  and data visualization  although I’m always learning something new to make myself more useful to my clients and collaborators. I regularly write about my latest work on my personal blog  where I've become known for computing optimal road trips around the world and solving Where’s Waldo?  among many other creative applications of machine learning. My work has been featured all over the world and in the news  including the New York Times

Data Scientist at Deloitte  with 4+ years of experience in AI/ML  IoT  edge computing  cybersecurity  and cloud. Alex also leads Deloitte's EDGE Compute Lab.  Following skills include: Python  R  JavaScript
 


 I strive and live in the present  having learnt a multitude of lessons from my past and a desire to apply them in the future. I have a strong business acumen and love playing with numbers.  I aim to develop my decision making skills and nurture them to be data-driven.  I possess an appetite to gain knowledge from various fields and so - the next time we meet  probably you can tell me about your new idea  old friend or current job. I would love to reciprocate the same - Politics  Cricket and Stock-Markets.  
  
 Full stack data scientist with demonstrated history of working in demand forecasting  logistics optimization  industrial IoT and predictive maintenance. Years of experience in developing and deploying statistic and machine learning models  autoML engines and data pipelines. I'm interested in senior opportunity in applied machine learning and data science.  

I wish to commit myself to Data Science and in building innovative applications .It is my desire to design  build and establish reusable Machine learning applications to address real-world data-intensive applications. - Education:  Master's in Machine learning and Computing  from the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology (IIST)  India.  - Research interests: Predictive-modelling  Data Science  Artificial Intelligence  Information-visualization
 Arkansas   Engineering and Finance background | Python  C++  MATLAB  R  Java  SQL
  PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY   Reputable leader and strategic developer with a successful background orchestrating start-ups as well as elevating organizational performance through skillful restructuring.  Recipient of multiple organizational awards for superior leadership  performance  and contributions.  Certified in SAP FICO and BW with diversified industry experience in SAP FI-CO  SD & MM.  Worked with team leaders and stakeholders to solve clients analytics problems using predictive analytics and Big Data.  

 Data Scientist with an experience over 6 years and a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. I'm passionate about product development  experimentation and diving deep to solve business problems. Skilled in Python  Tableau  AWS  PowerBI  R. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Information Systems Management focused in Business Intelligence and Data Analytics from Carnegie Mellon University - H. John Heinz III College.   sanymathew  

Have deep understanding and vast practical using of data algorithms for machine learning  classical mathematical skills with statistical background  practical experience in numerical modeling and comparing received results with experiments. Have above twenty years practice with developing and using software in different areas. Have considerable experience in cooperation with teams with different scientific  practical and IT background. Have unprecedented ability for gathering novel knowledge and experience. Doctor of Philosophy in Physics (Specialization – Physics of Charged-Particle Beams). Have a Master Degree in Applied Mathematics with honor.  
 Experienced Lead Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Passionate in deriving insights from large datasets and effectively communicating results to a non-technical audience.  Skilled in data aggregation  visualization  and model building for fraud detection. Focused on tools such as Python  Scala  and Spark. Strong information technology professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Information Systems & Data Analytics from New Jersey Institute of Technology. In addition to business acumen with a Bachelor's Degree in Business Management from Rutgers University.  
  
   A professional data scientist who loves to solve business issues using data   kevin_sun_91  

 Having 5 Years of overall work experience in Industry. An astute professional with 2.5 years of work experience in Data Analysis  Prediction model building  time series and 2 Years in Project Management and Execution. Excellent understanding of business operations and analytics tools for effective analyses of data.  

I'm a Data Science Software Engineer who is equipped with experience in: effectively working on asynchronous remote-first teams  leveraging prior real-world business experiences  and utilizing my educational background of Machine Learning  Computer Science  and Mathematics. View the 90-second video introduction and resume on my website!  💻TECH STACK  Scikit-Learn / Machine Learning Engineering Natural Language Processing (NLP) AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Python Programming Language AWS Elastic Beanstalk / Heroku Pipenv / Virtual Environments Tensorflow / PyTorch / Keras Plotly / Seaborn / MatPlotLib SQL / PostgreSQL / NoSQL  Amazon RDS / TablePlus Command Line Terminal Docker Containerization Flask / FastAPI Github Workflow Pandas & Numpy Big Data Analytics Tableau / Power BI Dash Core Components Extract Transform Load (ETL) Data Lakes / Data Warehouses WordPress Web Development Figma Designing & Prototyping Microsoft Office & Google Cloud Suite Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)   PROJECTS  Better Reads — A Platform for Readers to Track  Share  and Discover New Books •	Used Agile & Scrum methodologies to iteratively deploy Natural Language Processing (NLP) models •	Practiced CI/CD via blue/green RESTful microservices on AWS EB to facilitate JSON post requests •	Launched and managed a PostgreSQL instance on AWS RDS to store millions of GoogleBooks data  Brain Power — Using Machine Learning and an EEG Device to Control Technology •	Built an application for the user to control light switches & thermostats with their brain •	Collected data from an EEG device and used Scikit-Learn to train a predictive model •	Deployed back-end Python get request API: communicate w/ EEG device  detect brain patterns  Flight Prices — Airline Pricing Analysis and Interactive Pricing User-Interface •	Tediously gathered 27M rows of data  wrangled/cleaned to 9M
  Looking for an opportunity that can enhance my analytical and machine learning skills and benefits the growth of the organization.  Skilled in Python (Programming Language)  SQL  Data Analysis   Strong information technology professional with a PGP focused in Data Scientist from Great Learning.  Enthusiastic data scientist eager to contribute to team success through hard work  attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Motivated to learn  grow and excel in organization.  

 No sponsorship required. EAD card holder.   Data scientist with 5+ year background in affiliate marketing  ecommerce  segmentation  targeting  cloud data infrastructure  for some of largest internet commerce platforms.  Using AI to understand what your customer needs with a focus on scale  ease of execution  and clear measurement.  Specialties: Python
   
  Data Scientist skilled in Scalable Machine Learning and Deep learning models   Spark  Python  with AWS . Enthusiastic in Quantum Machine Learning.  
  

I have 10 yrs of post-PhD data science experience working on products  solutions and platforms  primarily in the enterprise sector.   * I have worked on operational and business problems pertaining to large networks and systems (core  mobile/cellular  enterprise)  Security  Insurance  IoT  online privacy
 Currently  in transition into data science. As a data analyst  I deal with various kinds of business and consumer insights related data. This work entailed data exploration  visualization  and modeling.   Besides Digital Analytics Tools (Tableau  Google Analytics  Hotjar  Semrush)  I used Python to complete different digital advertisement related tasks and analyze the data.  I also built several Machine Learning models solving real-world business problems across different domains
  Experienced Data Scientist  with a demonstrated history of working in the analytics field. Skilled in Data Analysis  Statistical Modeling & Machine Learning algorithms. Hands on experience with tools like R  Python  SQL  SAS.  
 I want to build exciting and wonderful apps that profoundly make an impact.  I chose to change my career and learn web development at Dev Bootcamp because I wanted to learn how to bring my ideas to life.  I want to take on challenging projects where I could exercise creativity in solving them.    I can also draw upon my past experience as a project manager at Caterpillar  Inc.  I have worked on and led numerous project teams and would work well in a team environment.  I also am accustomed to a process-driven approach to problem-solving along with having an appreciation for proper documentation.  Specialties and Interests: Javascript  Angular  React  Python  data analysis  team work.  
  I am an analytics professional with a passion for technology. I have  more than 2 years of hands-on experience in extracting insights and developing a predictive model solution with Statistical modeling and ML. In the past  I have designed  developed and executed analytic techniques on large  complex and unstructured data sets to help clients make better sales and marketing decisions.  I love data science. There's nothing better than extracting insights and making better decisions with data.   Well versed with R/R Studio  R shiny/Markdown  PowerBI  Python

 I'm a recent engineering graduate and a passionate Data scientist as my interest lies in solving problems with data.  Currently  I'm working on Capstone projects to enhance my knowledge of Machine Learning and solving kaggle challenges(Skills and projects are listed below). I'm particularly interested in the Data analyst/ Junior data scientist role.  At present  I'm seeking opportunities where I can use my skills effectively and can collaborate with my colleagues to achieve the desired results. I want to work with the kind of people where working together and growing together is the motto. My friends would describe me as a driven  resourceful individual who maintains a positive and proactive attitude when faced with adversity.  Apart from being a passionate data scientist  I'm also a hobbyist photographer. I usually take aesthetic portraits and edit them in my free time. I've worked with some really known personalities   Thank you for making time and going through my profile. Let's connect and grow together.  Github-https://github.com/zues1234  

 Interested in areas related to Data Science  Machine Learning  AI  Software development and Scalable systems. Highly interested in Recommendation systems. Open to new opportunities and challenges.  

Data scientist with more than 13 years of modelling experience in Commercial and R&D environment; • ML expert with experience in development and maintenance of predictive and recommendation engines using OOP; • Led teams in development of ML solutions; • Ability to communicate with stakeholders and derive system requirements; • Broad multidisciplinary knowledge and ability to find similarities across the scope;  

Senior Data Scientist with core experience in building AI solutions for different platforms using natural language processing  machine learning  data visualisations and deep learning.  


Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Strong engineering professional skilled in Python  Machine Learning Statistics  Probability  and Deep Learning.  
   
  Looking out for positions as Data Analyst or Junior Data Scientist with almost 3 years’ experience as Data Analyst skilled in Python Development  SQL  Data Science  Data Modeling  Data Visualization and NLP.   papisera  
  A Machine Learning Professional with 8+ years of experience taking active roles of technology evangelist in areas such as Machine Learning  Artificial Intelligence  Predictive Analytics  Statistics  Data Mining and Big Data with a proven track record of implementing large scale algorithms that have business revenues and user experiences. Passionate about creating products  by identifying business needs  using applied Data Science and AI. Proven ability to identify and solve complex ML problems  including use case identification and data architecture design while meeting and exceeding schedule and performance targets. Experience in training and assimilating upcoming data scientists.  Ranked among top 1 percentile of data scientists across the world at Kaggle.  Skill Sets ======= General:  ----------- Data Science
 
 Data Scientist in Avis Budget Group.  

Currently working as a Data Scientist at BrickSimple LLC. -> Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering from University of Illinois at Chicago. -> Experienced in building predictive models using supervised and unsupervised algorithms like Logistic Regression  Random Forests  SVMs  Decision Trees  Clustering Techniques-KNN  Neural Networks (Keras  LSTMs  CNNs) etc.  -> Skillful in Python (Pandas
 
 I LOVE DATA.  I am an aspiring data scientist with knowledge of database  statistical and machine learning techniques  data cleaning  manipulation  and visualization.  I invite you to take a review of my profile.   - Furnish insights  analytics and business intelligence used to advance opportunity identification  process reengineering and corporate growth.  - Rapidly adapt to new technologies with proficiency in Python  R  Tableau
 
 Data scientist with experience in production level and real time machine learning  as well as API development and numerical simulations. I have worked in many industries and including financial tech  mobile gaming  recruiting  healthcare  astrophysics and geophysics.  I have presented directly to investment boards and successfully secured investment  written scientific grant proposals  and presented my research across the United States  China
 SPECIALTIES• Bayesian• Uncertainty Quantification• Model Updating• Probabilistic Analysis and Risk Assessment• Floor vibration• Structural Dynamics• Probabilistic programming• Structural Health Monitoring• Machine learning• Deep learning• Project Management SOFTWARE• Python• Matlab• SAP2000• STAAD.Pro• R• ETABS• SAFE• Minitab PASSION: Politics• Human rights• Management and Leadership  

 Data Mining & Machine Learning  •  Data Manipulation & Analysis  •  Data Visualisation  •  Natural Language Processing  •  Statistical Modeling  •  Proficient: Python  Pyspark  R  SQL  SAS  SPSS  •  Familiar: VBA  Matlab  C++

 A Marketing Engineer at Expedia - Marketing  Strategy  and Innovation team. Currently working on projects focused on orienting Marketing efforts based on consumer behavior/interaction. I graduated from the University of Washington with a Master's Degree  specializing in Data Science in Summer 2018. I bring a good mixture of professional experiences of 4 + years  academic research  and internship. I am excited about my next career move as I seek a Full-Time opportunity working as a Data Scientist. Let's Talk!  
  
  Data Scientist at Bread with extensive experience in developing machine learning models for credit underwriting and fraud detection.  Research expertise in developing statistical models for complex multistage problems in healthcare studies Extensive experience in Design of Computer Experiments  Categorical Data Analysis  Data Mining  Deep Learning and Machine Learning algorithms Successfully led peers in academic as well as extra-curricular activities on several occasions  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Data: AB Testing  statistical analysis  simulation  experimental design  machine learning
  As a data scientist  I seek to leverage my scientific background and my aptitude for software development through projects in the fields of machine learning and deep learning. My goal is to make long-standing contributions in the form of robust software solutions capable of tackling substantial challenges faced by scientists  engineers  and businessmen and women across the globe. Through my professional experiences I have developed a strong work ethic and a dedication to my community.  These experiences have made me a well-rounded  kind  and motivated person capable of working constructively with others  and I feel that these traits make me a valuable asset.  
 Statistics M.S. in Data Mining track from Rutgers University. Advanced experience with SQL  R  Python and SAS. Professional in advanced statistical models. Quick learner with rich knowledge in database  machine learning and model validation. Actively seeking a position in Data Science.  
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the insurtech  finance and higher education industry. Developed products that has machine learning as backbone.  Skilled in machine learning  deep learning  time series analysis  AWS  Spark  Python. Strong data science professional holding MSc in Finance. Graduated from General Assembly Data Science program.  
 Data Scientist with experience in Fortune 500 Defense & Technology companies. Skilled in Data Science  Machine Learning  Predictive Analytics  and Relational Databases. Engineer professional working towards completing a Master of Science (M.S.) in Data Analytics Engineering  concentration in Predictive Analytics.  

in EdgeVerve  ML hackathon 2019 #2 in All india Sangam -IIT Madras ML Hackathon 2019  #Top 100 in ZS young data science challenge   Working full time as data scientist with focus on Data mining  Predictive analytics Recommendation Systems and NLP promblems. I like to solve difficult problems and providing deep insights about the impact of various factors on the business . I have experience in working with huge datasets in R/Python and Hive . I can automate tasks using vba or NodeJS.  
 Seeking full-time opportunities in the field of data science as a data analyst and business analyst. I hold a Master's degree majoring in Computer and Information Science with a focus on data analysis and machine learning.  Looking to explore job opportunities that match my interests and skills; which will allow me to gain practical experience in software development and maintenance and hone my skills as a software engineer.  I am accustomed to being in pressure situations that demand composure and teamwork  with one year experience in developing web and mobile applications in the industry.   Tanvir_Roushan  
 “I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good consistently  then you should go do something else wonderful  not dwell on it for too long. Just figure out what’s next.” - Anonymous  After working as Data warehouse developer for 5 years. And doing a decent job in it for years. I figured out that it’s time to move on to something new/exciting. And Data Mining was answer to it.   I am person who strives for perfection (details matter). Working hard was always the way out for me. I always have been a quick learner.  Data-warehousing already got me comfortable with huge volume of data. And now  with newly acquired skills and ability to learn quickly. I am looking for a role where I can use my programming skills and data mining knowledge to help my clients make better decisions.  My passion lies in making sense out of data using different learning algorithms.   debpriyaSeal  

Data scientist/R programmer in project AdapteR. An R package that enables in-database analytics powered by Fuzzy Logix's flagship product DB Lytix on the Teradata database.  • Specialist in Banking Analytics. Fraudulent transaction prediction (Realtime) and Fraudulent customer prediction (Back-office).  • Worked extensively on data preparation and data cleaning using numerous tools including but not limited to R  SQL  Python  Excel  Visual Studio Code  and other text editors and IDE's.  • Teradata SQL developer.  • Oracle PL/SQL developer. Working with the Anti-Money-Laundering team in Oracle DB.  • Have used Shell  Java

 I am an agile data scientist who discovers opportunities and solves problems using data. I have extensive experience building credit scoring models  credit recovery models and transforming raw data into actionable insights.   My experience in building predictive models has been in the finance  agric-tech and solar energy space using R  Python as well as cloud-based platforms such as h2o Flow and MS Azure.  
  

 Data Scientist with 2+ years of experience in the field of Computer Vision and Machine Learning.  
  Having 4+ years of experience building enterprise products/solutions using AI/ML/DL/NLP and 7+ years of  experience in Software Development.  
  End-to-End Machine Learning   _brohrer_  
   

 I have 8 years of experience in areas of data science  business analytics  sales operations and digital marketing gathered at LinkedIn  Google and as an entrepreneur working with global startups. My areas of expertise are digital marketing and process optimization  machine learning & analytics  with additional focus on business case preparation and forecasting.  
 
 I am a data scientist and biomedical engineer who is passionate about analyzing workflows and using machine learning to build new products that improve healthcare.  
  Data science pioneer  founder  author  patent owner  CEO  investor  with broad spectrum of domain expertise
   
  5+ years of experience as a Data Scientist. Strong expertise in Python. Worked with SQL and Hadoop-based databases with up to 100M+ users. Trained and deployed Keras+TensorFlow models as a Kubernetes-based micro-service on GCP. Strong mathematics/statistics knowledge.  

 Masters in Computer Science at Illinois Institute of Technology.   A quick-learner with multitasking abilities  my passion lies in business analysis and technology. I'd love to learn newer technologies and explore transcendental boundaries. I'd like to work with an organization where I can thrive and work towards the culmination of the organization along with myself.    Business and data Analysis expert with 3+ years of industry experience. * Hands-on expertise in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Waterfall  Iterative  Agile and other internal SDLCs and technology delivery frameworks. * Extensive experience in gathering Business and Functional Requirements  developing Use Cases  conducting GAP Analysis  Impact Analysis and SWOT Analysis.  * Worked extensively on Business Requirements Elicitation
 
  Data science leader  specializing in deep learning and distributed scalable machine learning.  Experienced delivering data products for use cases including text comprehension  image recognition  recommender systems  targeted advertising  forecasting  user understanding and customer analytics.  Pioneer in developing training programs in industry focused machine learning and data science techniques.   MikeTamir 
 
  I am a data scientist with interest and skills in designing intelligent learning systems and have 10+ years of diverse experience through my work in academics  research and industry. As a researcher I have solved problems in embedded systems  robotics  machine vision and natural language processing helping institutions accomplish results. Several of my research papers have been published in reputed journals and conference proceedings and are well cited.  As a data scientist lead at RealPage  I am involved in design and development of systems that collect  mine and use data to improve product effectiveness and user experience. My work in lead scoring  predictive modeling
 
  Serial Entrepreneur and Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning expert.  A leading Data Scientist and researcher with expertise in AI and Machine Learning. Also  a Startup Advisor and Industry Consultant having spent many years in USA and India in the high-tech industry. Co-Founder at CellStrat  India's leading Artificial Intelligence startup.  Serial Entrepreneurial experience having Co-Founded or advised several startups in prior years including Healthiply.in (AI-driven online health startup)  LocVille.com (online furniture and decor) and SalesGlobe (sales CRM).  Long experience in telecom and digital industries in Strategy  Mobile Apps/Web  Data Analytics  Systems Integration and Enterprise Mobility  in leading MNCs like IBM
  
  As a Data Science professional  I am supporting the People Analytics team for LinkedIn while I pursue a Master's in Data Science and Engineering at UC San Diego. In this position  I leverage internal and product data to provide analysis and insights to help stakeholders make better  faster talent decisions. My passion in this area has pushed me to develop proficiency in programming  visualization  statistical inference  text analysis

Functional Expertise  • Statistical Modelling • Machine Learning • Natural Language Processing • Natural Language Generation • Deep Learning • Optimization Modelling  Technical Skills  • Advanced Statistics • Python/Scikit Learn/Pandas/Numpy • Keras/Tensorflow • NLTK/Spacy/Stanford Parser/StanfordCoreNLP • Hadoop/Spark • Tableau  Profile Summary:  • Certified Data Scientist with 5 years hands on expertise in HCL Technologies Ltd and in Accenture Pvt Ltd by understanding the business requirements and developing new insights  solutions using Statistical Machine learning models and techniques. • Expertised and had hands on experience in 5 different verticals building different statistical  Machine learning and Deep learning models using Keras & Tensor flow. • Expertised and capable of handling any data science project right from the scratch to till deployment in any domain  handling any kind of data i.e. structured or unstructured. • Expertised and hands on experience in all important python libraries like Numpy  Pandas  Scikit-learn
 
  Data Scientist at Amazon Web Services with expertise in machine learning  deep learning  statistical experimentation  computer vision and natural language processing. I have broad experience in implementing and extending ML techniques to solve practical and business problems. In the past  I have built data veracity models using machine learning and natural language processing techniques for international development and developed ML algorithms to solve problems in the renewable energy space. I am an advocate of open source and democratizing learning  and I have presented in technical conferences. In my spare time  I conduct research on Machine Learning for the Developing World and I was on the Program Committee for NeurIPS 2019 Workshop on Machine Learning for the Developing World. I also advise startups in the data science and artificial intelligence space.  Some selected recent news:  - General Masakhane paper submitted to EMNLP 2020. - Two papers accepted into WiNLP at ACL 2020. - Reviewer & Speaker  AfricaNLP Workshop
 
  Data Scientist with 10 years of industry experience  expertise in Advanced Analytics and Cognitive Computing  provide solutions in domains like Healthcare-Marketing  Manufacturing  Distribution System.  Experience:  ========== => Currently working on a solution to forecast market share  demand and net-sales at country and drug level considering various factors like LOE  events and new product launch for a top pharmacy company.   => Built a defect prediction tool that provides a structured
  

  Data Science  Machine Learning  Statistical Modeling  Forecasting  Clustering  R/RStudio  SparkR
 May 16   Highly passionate Data Scientist with high analytical curiosity who loves to play with huge data and mine valuable insights for the company. Confident  articulate  and professional speaking skills with the ability to communicate the results to clients. I am skilled in Machine Learning  Statistical Modelling  and Data Analysis using various tools and models. I would love to be a data player in your company.  Strong in Predictive Analytics to help improve the business of a company with several data science use cases like sales forecasting with external variables  targeted marketing  etc. Worked as a Data Scientist Intern at a company to analyze 100 million data points of public real-estate data to analyze the variables and bring out interesting insights from the data. Performing Neural Network concepts of CNN and RNN on the data to predict the real-estate market provided with specific requirements.  Highly comfortable with advanced SQL  PL/SQL
 
  Hi! I'm a data scientist by trade  but have also worked in an marketing agency.  
 
 • PhD in Economics • I am a highly technical Data Scientist  passionate to identify novel opportunities and provide actionable recommendations to business  using advanced econometric modeling and machine learning techniques.  • Developed predictive Marketing measurement solutions. Used Python to build real-time sales lift measurement using past sales  price  promotions  seasonality and holiday effects  to monitor real-time return on investment (ROI)  following online marketing campaigns. • Enhanced and implemented Credit Loss Reserve calculation at Advance America  from accuracy level of 60% to 90% by applying customer segmentation
 
  My professional life has been focused on enabling adult learners to succeed in the military and academic spaces.  From teaching combat life savers to Marines to teaching Business Economics and Business Math  my professional satisfaction is seeing adult learners become adult success stories.   Recently  I decided to pursue a series of certificates in data related fields to complement my newest degree  BS in Computer Science  with the end goal of being better positioned to build software projects and to enhance my ability to help adult learners transition into STEM fields.   Concurrently I am building a part-time business to help adult learners and small businesses  and the town of Oga  Japan. In 2013

 Self-driven  strategic and quantitative thinker  I am currently a Data Scientist in the Innovation Lab at BNP Paribas. Working on challenging Machine Learning and Deep Learning models as well as developing relationships with people is what I am looking for in my professional career.  
  Data scientist at Apple iCloud  focus on forecasting the future infrastructure demand (network  storage  CPU  etc.).   Author of Hands-On Time Series Analysis with R (Packt publication)  and several R packages for time series analysis and machine learning applications.   Rami_Krispin  

Data scientist with a background in engineering  physics  and mathematics. I'm passionate about using data to build great products. Interested in Data Scientist internships  
 I'm working towards a bachelor's degree in Computer Science with a concentration in machine learning.    I have a lot of enthusiasm for creating  what-if  projects in order to apply what I learn in academics to my life. Most of my projects are about creating solutions to my daily problems.    My portfolio https://fs4remi.github.io/  
   
 I am machine learning enthusiast  and passionate about applying my data science skills to uncover useful insights from data to make an impact on the society.  

 I work with the Data Science Solutions team at Bloomberg to build machine learning tools to help clients across Product  Sales  Marketing  and HR better analyze insights from data. My day-to-day work involves building large-scale recommendation systems  text classification/clustering  and statistical modeling. I hold an MS in Data Science from Columbia University and a Bachelors degree in Computer Science.   During Fall 2017  I interned with the Data Science team at NBC Universal where I worked on clustering and inferential analysis to model demographic variation across TV shows and networks.   I spent the Summer of 2017 at Hartford Insurance building  loss models to improve on existing Class Plans for Auto Insurance. My industry experience also includes a year as an Analyst and a six month internship with McKinsey & Company.  Interests: Machine Learning  NLP
  
 
 I am a tech-enthusiast as the ubiquitous nature of technology fascinates me and motivates to learn and explore all horizons possible. I am dedicated and original in all the work I do. Hence  epistemology is  what i believe in rather than blindly following the already known facts. I am a Computer Science Undergraduate with decent knowledge of my field and would love to do research more on related areas if given a chance.  

   
  I am currently a data scientist at Bloomberg. I work as a quantitative researcher at BVAL - a team that prices fixed income securities. I am also pursuing a Masters in Data Science at Columbia University.   I have more than two years of work experience in finance. Having landed an internship at Deutsche Bank in Pensions and Insurance Risk Markets  I was awarded a pre-placement job offer on the basis of my accomplishments. I joined as a full-time analyst in the Distressed Products Group(European Portfolios) and was actively involved in end-to-end deal management and financial modelling. Working in a global team  I was based out of Mumbai; and regularly visited London  Spain  Portugal and Italy as a part of the due diligence process – actively organising roll-up sessions and property tours.  I cleared all 3 levels of CFA in my first attempt. I have a Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering from IIT Delhi. I received the coveted Director’s Gold Medal - the highest honor awarded at IIT Delhi for outstanding All Round Achievement and Leadership; and conferred on a single student in the entire graduating batch.  A 2-month internship in New York University  and a 5 month exchange program at the University of Waterloo  Canada have been one of the most enriching experiences of my life – enabling me to understand different people  and the amalgamation of cultures across the world
  

  Data scientist passionate about using analytics to improve products and businesses.  Experienced in predictive analytics  machine learning  statistical analysis and marketing model optimization. Hands on experience in prototyping and productizing machine learning products at scale  quantitative analysis  Map-Reduce and building machine learning models.  

  A results-driven and innovative professional with 3 years of experience in the analytics space. Skilled in advanced analytics  machine learning  natural language processing and deep learning.  
  Aspiring Data Scientist.  On the look-out for opportunities.  
 
 I strongly believe in the fact that data can exist without meaningful information  but there is no information without data. For me  as long as there’s a problem to solve or a challenge to puzzle over  it’s bound to be something I love!   TECHNICAL SKILLS • Programming Languages: R  C/C++  Python  MySQL  JavaScript  ASP.NET

  I am pursuing a Ph.D. in Geographic Information Science (GIS). I enjoy bringing life to spatial and non-spatial data!  My effective experiences are on spatial data science  machine learning prediction models  spatial statistics  text mining  natural language processing  and transportation safety.    Programming Languages: Python  SQL  HTML
 Candidate for Master of Business Analytics at MIT (2019); Bachelor of Arts from Brandeis in Computer Science  Math and Economics (2016); Data enthusiast and programmer. website: vicky.mit.edu  
 Experienced data scientist and trained physicist.  I am experienced in end-to-end data solutions: understanding & defining the problems  logging and ETL/building data models  building machine learning models  conducting deep-dive analyses  presenting and visualizing insights  and communicating results and driving impacts across diverse teams.  I am now working at Airbnb on building Trust. Prior to Airbnb  I helped eBay develop future ads products. Before that  I was a physicist studying molecular dynamics and developing next-generation DNA sequencing devices.  

I'm a data scientist with experience working in tech. I have:  1. 2 years performing analysis for a variety of business functions (financial  sales  operations  product usage behavior  etc.). I built data pipelines using airflow  worked with data engineering teams to collect these new datasets  and built dashboards in Metabase and tableau to communicate these results to technical and non-technical teams  including executive management.   2. Experience designing and running A/B tests using Segment

 I see the world of the future. I help businesses create it and parents train their kids for it. Ever since I was a kid  I wanted to build a cooler world. (Probably the byproduct of reading way too many Sci-Fi and Fantasy novels...still haven't gotten my letter...)   I love helping people understand technology and how to use it to their advantage. I've learned that for some people it can be a bit scary  but I want to help alleviate those fears to create something even better.   I love solving problems. With some creative thinking  we might not come up with the perfect solution but we can definitely come up with a better one.   I have a diverse background from Biotechnology to Marketing  and I like learning about new industries and their troubles.   
  I'm passionate about the future of education. I want to empower parents with more options to choose from. I'll gladly work with homeschool students and nonprofits on niche courses in the STEM fields. I've taught standard Math  Science and Coding(AI and Web Development) courses as well as Bioinformatics and Game Development. My ambition is to make a student driven game development studio (Launching 2020).   When I'm not working  I'm either improving my skills  reading a new book  contemplating a plot for my own speculative fiction novel
  Experienced Data Scientist with a background in applied operations research and machine learning. I am always using my curious nature  lifelong learner mentality  and analytical tool set to solve a broad range of problems. I try to not only build functional outcomes but aim to build a deeper understanding of the problem while doing so. I enjoy condensing technical material and/or findings into digestable formats that can influence product decisions.   email: Csinclair0@gmail.com medium.com/@csinclair0 ⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀  
 Specialist on the technical side of data science  with expertise in analytics  data engineering  machine learning  and scaling data science through data tools.  
 
 Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer with experience in Data Acquisition  Predictive Modeling  Statistical Analysis  Machine Learning  and Natural Language Processing. With 2 years of experience in Financial Consulting and a Master's in Business Administration  I am excited to advance my career in Data Science in order to effectively solve business problems. I have a passion for learning and hope to be part of a team of experienced Engineers and Data Scientists!  
  •	Artificial Intelligence for Health  Machine Learning  Deep Learning  NLP •	Data integration  data processing (Python  R)  •	ETL (Pentaho Data Integration  Microsoft SSIS  Oracle ODI)  •	Complex queries (T-SQL
  Well versed in Python with experience as a Developer and as a Data Scientist. Interested in reading research papers and blogs on Deep Learning  Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing and attending meetups. I am an Aspiring Deep Learning practitioner with experience with Convolutional Neural Networks  Recurrent Neural Networks and interest in General Adversarial Networks.  
  I solve complex problems creatively. As a software engineer with a background in music composition  I have years of experience thinking outside of the box to implement technical solutions in environments that prioritize results. I am obsessed with learning  and strive to achieve the simplicity that comes through thorough understanding - be that in music or code.  
 •  Rich experience in large-scale data analysis  statistical inference  experiment design  and predictive modeling using data mining and machine learning.  •  Great passion for innovating new methodologies in data science to scale and solve unstructured business problems.  
  
 I graduated Carnegie Mellon University with a B.S. in Physics (December 2019) with a strong interest in Computer Science. I enjoy learning about fascinating topics in many fields  including science  history  mathematics  systems level programming and game and game engine programming. I have experience and continued interest in the field of cybersecurity and data science  and have participated in cybersecurity Capture The Flag competitions alongside Carnegie Mellon's Plaid Parliament of Pwning - champions at DEFCON 2017.  

 Highly analytical and motivated individual interested in using AI to reshape business strategies to make data-driven  customer-centric decisions. I have 4 years of experience with analysis  a Master's in Biotechnology  and PhD experience in Cancer Biology and Genomics. Proficient in Python  R  and SQL. Skilled in data analytics  visualization  machine learning

 I'm a Full Stack developer. Below are my technical skills. Please message me for any business inquires.   Languages: Golang  Java  C/C++  C#  Javascript  Php  Scala DevOps: Jenkins  Git  Maven
 Data Scientist at Genius Sports  NYU Master of Science at Data Science  Github: https://github.com/wxy829475  
 

 I’m interested in using data to help people gain insights  make better decisions  and create intelligent products. Experiences with such data-driven work have ranged across tech  finance  healthcare  and marketing.   I recently completed an MSE in Data Science at University of Pennsylvania with a focus on ML. My undergraduate background is in Math and Stat.  
  
   
  

 I am an analytics Professional with close to 4 years of experience in an analytics consulting firm  ZS Associates. I worked with Fortune 500 pharmaceutical companies to formulate their sales and marketing strategies. I led analytics teams through my constant focus on data-driven decision making  good communication  and interpersonal skills.   I am currently pursuing Masters in Analytics from the University of Texas at Austin.  Github: 
   Domain Knowledge: Machine Learning  Predictive Modeling  Quantitative Market Research  Segmentation  Regression and Classification
 I believe in the value of hard work  authenticity  supporting others and being results driven. My passions include using data to inform decisions  engaging in the fight against cancer  drumming and giving back more than I receive. I am a runner and a cyclist so I believe that limits are set to be broken  not to hold you back. To me  learning is a lifelong process and I'm just getting started.   alannaiverson  
 Interested in expanding my experience in the field of Data Science  specifically in Natural Language Processing and Model Interpretability.  
  •	Machine learning enthusiast specializing in image processing  computer vision and pattern recognition. •	Proficient in rapid prototyping and designing algorithms for both embedded and operating systems. •	Experienced in organizing multiple projects  agile development process  optimization  and unit testing. •	Experienced in writing production-level code in C++  Python  and MATLAB •	Tools and Frameworks: OpenCV  DLIB
  An experienced data practitioner skilled and interested in: identifying  defining new problems and solving them by data science methods; prototyping  evaluating  deploying predictive models; designing cloud based architectures to deploy solutions at scale; and building  mentoring data science/engineering teams.   You can reach me at tarun.k.ruchandani@gmail.com.  
 Passionate data scientist with strong engineering background. Proficient in SQL  Python and R. Please feel free to reach out at 


 I like to be at the intersection of Maths  Statistics  and Technology to solve real-world business problems. My interests include machine learning algorithms  automation  and optimization.  
   eddielin_tc  
  Data scientist with a track record of working in tech and consumer goods industry.  Trained in statistical analysis  machine learning and finance. Skilled in SQL  Python  R  Microsoft Excel  Data Analysis and Simultaneous Interpretation.  Demonstrated experience in speaking statistics technical findings in business language.  
  Growing up between Cairo  Dubai  Bangalore and Mumbai - I've always been quick to adapt to new situations and have  found it easy to work with people and make new friends. My favourite subject from the time I was in school has been Mathematics  as even the most complex problems always seem to have a solution.  Being a decision scientist  helped me find the perfect balance between my passion for math and my love for storytelling.   I now get to read and analyze data and then translate them into meaningful insights for my clients.  Introducing analytics into spaces that still leverage SME’s over a data driven approach to make major business decisions is a key goal of mine.  
   
 A data enthusiast with good knowledge of Analytics tools and techniques who is passionate about using data to create realistic insights and identifying actionable business opportunities through extensive statistical analysis.   Love building Machine learning and Deep learning solutions. Aspiring deep learning researcher  Graduate of Deep learning engineer  Natural language processing and Machine learning engineer nanodegree from Udacity  
  December 6   Failure & Success are the two events of your life  when we fail we work with EDA(Exploratory Data Analysis) Feature Engineering & Success is also not permanent at all because we have to optimize our ML model for the right fit. Can relate your life with 'Data Science' & do have conversation with me to make your model right fit to move ahead.  
   
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Machine Learning  Data Mining  Pattern Recognition  Deep Learning  Natural Language Processing  Anomaly Detection  Time Series Analysis  Python  Linux
  AI and Data Enthusiast  
 Highly skilled Data Scientist with expertise in predictive modeling and analytics with solid background in linear algebra  probability  and statistics. Offer experience using ML libraries and applying machine learning algorithms and behavioral modeling to develop new solutions that deliver business impact and improve user experience. Strong communication and interpersonal skills with ability to present complex technical concepts to wide audiences. Fully authorized to work in the US.  
 Data science/machine learning enthusiast with 3 years of experience working in the health technology sector across multiple domains. Experienced in a variety of machine learning and data analysis techniques with a passion for applying novel approaches to unique and challenging problems.  
  Analyst with a demonstrated history of delivering complex projects. I have a passion for data science and the positive impact it creates in business transformation and process improvement. I focus on the solving problems which enable business to grow.  Key Competencies: - Python programming - Machine learning - SQL - ETL  - Business Development -Communication-Creativity and Innovation.  
  
   
  

   
  Data scientist with a coding background and a demonstrated history of working in a customer-first B2C company.   My current area of focus is unraveling consumer behavior in retail/e-commerce using the ever-evolving suite of ML/statistical models and empowering the business by building such insight generating data science products.  
 Sr. Machine Learning Scientist with a demonstrated history in applying machine learning to production scale e-commerce platforms. Skilled in Pattern Recognition  Data Analysis  Programming  and Machine Learning. Focuses on Recommendation Systems  Learning To Rank  and Personalization. Interested in the intersection of research and industry applications. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (MS) focused in Electrical and Computer Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University.  
 I always believe that just as electricity transformed industries in the past century  artificial intelligence is the new electricity now. I am blessed that I now work for a company which starts to emphasize the importance of AI and Data Science.   My story with Thomson Reuters started when I met the excellent data science team in the Boston Lab during my summer internship. I had the opportunity to apply NLP and Deep Learning into practical business fields  such as entities detection and document summarization  which has confirmed my determination to delve into AI field. After graduation  I rejoined TR   working on an exciting project to build a course recommender system for our online course platform similar to Coursera.   The more you know  the more you know you don't know. I am always reminding myself to stay hungry and embrace the new AI technologies.  
  My areas of interests are Machine Learning  Deep Learning  Human-Computer Interaction  and Numerical Linear Algebra.  My research lies at the intersection of these areas to create physical and virtual interventions that impact lives on a wider scale.  I have been working in the aforementioned areas (both corporate and academia) for 6 years now and even though I have written them separately  I strongly believe in their entanglement. I see research as a practice to ask the right questions when solving a desired problem. I have done some theoretical works like finding error estimators for iterative algorithms (linear algebra)  research on gradient based algorithms (deep learning) and have also built intelligent user interfaces for people who are physically challenged (human-computer interaction)  machine learning solutions for manufacturing enterprises for detecting defects and root cause analysis (data science).  My recent work is an adaptive virtual keyboard for people with severe speech and motor impairment that can be used using eyes rather than hand held devices like mouse etc. The keyboard is integrated with a customized machine learning algorithm for dynamic adaptation of dwell time (minimum time to click through gaze) by learning user interaction with the interface. Meanwhile
 Customer-focused data scientist  AI-inclusive product manager passionate about delivering actionable insights that measurably satisfy customers and unleash profitability.  Successful AI and machine learning (ML) require transforming data into meaningful information  answering key business questions  and resolving the pain points in real-world processes. By leveraging continuous stakeholder feedback  customer-driven data science applies critical thinking about the business priorities  the data  and the AI / machine learning alternatives as a gestalt  rather than as a sum of the parts. My passion is helping others reap the tangible benefits of customer-driven data science.  
  
 Specialized in Predictive Modeling  Machine Learning  Behaviorial and Cognitive Data  Biostatistics  Computational statistics  supervised and unsupervised learning  ensemble learning and random forests  high-dimensional data modeling  simulation methods  robust statistics
    yalaudah  
   

  My research and interests involve statistical modeling  statistical inference  data science  machine learning  and deep learning.  

 Curious and innovative individual  with an aptitude for problem-solving and attention to detail. I have been working in the domain of Microwave Remote Sensing  particularly in the application of Deep Learning to Synthetic Aperture Radar data.  My research has developed a set of novel methodologies that incorporate physical radar scattering principles into a novel deep neural network architecture for the analysis of remote sensing images. Applications of the technology developed include - classiﬁcation of challenging urban areas in radar images  urban change detection using minimal training/ supervision and the combination of multi-frequency radar data for agricultural crop classiﬁcation.   Previously  I have worked with several ISRO sponsored projects for processing satellite data. I was the primary developer responsible for the creation of the first toolbox in the world to process compact polarimetric data from India's RISAT-1 sensor.   shaunakde  
 Creating #AI that we really need - #datascience #deeplearning #quantumcomputing #blockchain   RomeoKienzler  
  
 Prabhat is a data scientist with an interest in building algorithms and applications that solve various data science and ML problems. His focus areas and experience include Time Series Forecasting and Analysis of Industrial IoT sensor data  Financial Fraud Analytics  Retail Data Analytics. He also has experience in building reliable solutions for data visualization  data pipelining  data warehousing  database design and fault tolerant replication systems  web applications which leverage output from machine learning algorithms.  His experiences have stretched across industries like Oilwell and Oilfield Services  Financial Services and Retail marketing services. Each of these industries has afforded him the opportunity to solve problems that their data presents. This varied portfolio gives him the ability to think out of the box and provide solutions for complex problems.  Data Science and ML : Tensorflow  Keras
  Strategy-minded  customer-obsessed quantitative professional. Experienced in A/B testing  statistical consulting  and building experimentation platforms at scale. Possesses a genuine love for learning and expanding her horizons professionally  personally  and culturally. Can typically be found wrapped up in culinary endeavors  on quad skates  seeing live music
  Highly logical  focused  and certified entry-level data analyst professional with graduate-level training in advanced statistics and predictive modeling  Intermediate to an advanced level programmer in SQL  SAS  Python  and R. Advanced data visualization training using Tableau and Power BI. No sponsorship required as I already have work authorization.  
  Data scientist with a passion for uncovering hidden insights within data and finding ways to leverage those insights to better the world. My expertise and interests include machine learning  natural language processing  and deep learning.  
  
  Experienced Statistician  Machine Learning Engineer  and Data Scientist with a demonstrated history in programming  big data  machine-learning  statistics  project management

 Machine Learning and Data Scientist with 10+ years experience as an Enterprise Architect and Software Engineer as well as Teaching  and Project Management experience  and Problem Solving skills.   nariman06  
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & energy industry. Skilled in Python  Finite Element Analysis  Design Thinking  Agile practices and Cloud based Applications. Strong engineering professional with a M.S. focused in Mechatronics and AI from Stanford University.  
 Certified Machine Learning Engineer in Data Science stream Passionate about leveraging ever evolving technology to bridge the gap between theoretical math and real-life applications Well versed in Machine Learning  Data Visualization and Data Analysis Expertise in applying Machine learning techniques such as Clustering (K-Mean)  Linear Regression and Classification Techniques (Random Forest  KNN)  ANN (Artificial Neural Network) and SVM (Support Vector Machine) Used natural language processing (NLP) techniques combined with machine learning models to classify customers' complaints Proficient in Data Cleansing  preprocessing  Dimensionality reduction  Exploratory Data Analysis using Python and R Well versed in handling heterogeneous sources of Data and implemented intelligent solutions that defines and shapes the Business Landscape Developed statistical methods to evaluate the extremity of a business phenomenon which indicated potential non-compliance behaviors Performed numeric data analysis using Pandas  Numpy and Matplotlib Efficient at developing algorithms to determine the Data Science Techniques Hands-on working experience in machine learning and statistics to draw meaningful insights from big data Closely Worked with a team of senior scientists as a machine learning engineer Worked on MATLAB Tools in applying machine learning algorithms on images (Computer Vision and Face Recognition) Technically strong in Image Processing Operations like Edge Detection
 
 I am a Business Analytics graduate student and data enthusiast professional with four and a half years of experience in Data Warehousing technology. I have hands-on experience in data integration solutions and data management systems.  During my tenure at Cognizant  I have worked on multiple projects for a fortune 500 Investment and Insurance company. I was a part of various business applications under lines of business like Commercial lines and Enterprise Risk Management. My roles and responsibilities involved data monitoring & quality check  statistical analysis  test planning  project estimation  dashboard creation  report generation  and automation.  Stepping into my data science career  I discovered two things about myself. First
  


  7 years of experience as a Data Scientist in predictive analytics. Experienced in developing 'intelligent' solutions using Deep Learning and other Machine Learning techniques on big data in the domains of healthcare  BFSI & aviation. Interest & experience spans from research publications to business implementations and deployment. Experienced in working in Agile (Scrum) project management framework. Currently enjoying as a Lead Data Scientist in an AI CoE. Solving the firm's most stubborn problems using data science.  
   
 Bhavya is a technologist who is passionate about creating value with data analytics   machine learning and AI. She is a fast learner and has strong communication skills. She previously worked as a software engineer which gives her the unique ability to understand AI from engineering perspective as well.  
   
     Motivated and detail-oriented computer science graduate from Arizona State University with 2 years of experience in software development.  
 Solution Architect | Data Scientist | ML/DL/AI Engineer | Big Data Engineer | Quant | Veteran Software Engineer  
  Experienced data science professional with Masters in Operations Research from Cornell University. Strong background in Python  R  C  SQL and SAS programming. Past modeling projects include stock option pricing  risk attribution  decision trees for customer churn  CLTV modeling  and hypothesis testing of experiments. Currently working on forecasting using deep learning.  Excited about causal inference
  

	Machine learning  IOT and Data Analytics. •	Cross-functional team communications. Well established team leader and project manager.   •	Memory data storage and computer model  design and reliability. •	Hardware and software architecture  subsystem and device solution. •	Multi-scale engineer physics model •	Over 100 publications and over 80 patents.  

Working on projects involving machine learning  predictive modeling  optimization  model deployment     with Python  SQL  Tableau  and AWS services like EC2  S3  batch
  Data Scientist with over 3 years of experience in designing and implementing novel machine learning solutions to gather actionable insights from data. Proficient in a range of Machine Learning and NLP techniques with hands-on experience in building high-performing  scalable AI systems that works on big data to provide real time analytics  predictive models and decision support systems.  
   
  I work on interesting machine learning problems in Cloud Storage  IIoT  Education  etc.  
 I am a data scientist with MS in Information Systems using Python for machine learning  predictive analysis  data cleaning  data preprocessing  feature engineering  exploration  validation and deployment. I have 4 years experience in data science field.  Language and frameworks: Python (scikit-learn  pandas  numpy
 Focused  meticulous mathematician and development engineer finds ways to deliver high performance from software and hardware that others miss. Capable of working individually or with a group or of leading a group and mentoring engineers.  Have mediocre but adequate interpersonal skills; not interested in positions requiring better interpersonal skills.  Featuring: Data Analysis and Visualisation and Computer Graphics.  Languages: SQL  Scheme  Lisp  C  Java  C#  HTML  Ruby-on-Rails
  Experienced data scientist/engineer/researcher in statistics  numerical methods  optimization  compilers  prototyping  dynamical systems  analytics and applied math. Software developer specializing in numerical modeling

 I'm Ryan. I have years of experience as a data scientist at companies like Mozilla and Google. I give global businesses new ways to sense the world through data science. I love mentoring new data scientists and data science teams. I write about practicing effective data science in my blog here: https://blog.harterrt.com.  
 Entrepreneurial  highly cross functional (Lead Product Engineering and Design for growth  GTM  Hiring  Sales)  adaptive  empathic  Software Leader with extensive experience in SaaS  cloud
  G

  As an accomplished and experienced Data Scientist  I bring hands-on experience with expertise and success in defining and driving data-based evidence decision-making with advanced machine learning modeling and alternative data insights. I provide strong experience in navigating ever-changing business needs and emerging technologies  as well as collaborating extensively with portfolio managers and product managers  as well as cross-functional teams in solving complex business problems and providing actionable insights.  As a Subject Matter Expert in financial markets and data science  my skill set includes Quantitative Analysis; Factor models; Time Series models  ETF’s; Alternative Data insights; and extensive modeling experience  including Machine Learning  Deep Learning
  Passionate about building intelligent machines. Experienced in leading cross-functional teams to build scalable and effective data-centric products and strategies  across diverse domains: Voice Commerce  Display Advertising and Affiliate Marketing.  Published and presented research papers in esteemed AI conferences: WWW'18 and AAAI'15.  Invited speaker at major conferences: AI & Big Data Expo'19  WSDM'19  Fifth Elephant'18  amongst others.  

 I solve engineering problems with data driven insights. Here is the course I recently thought over at LinkedIn Learning:  
   
  My career is driven by two twin challenges: driving forward the transformation of the energy sector and creating solutions for climate change. Grounded experience in private sector energy startups  an international energy policy institution  and federal-level U.S. energy regulation gives me a unique holistic foundation for creating value in the energy ecosystem.   My broad experience centered in the energy industry spans across both geographical and intellectual boundaries. In my 6+ years of experience in the energy and clean tech sectors  I've worked and lived in three continents (North America  Africa  and Asia) and carried out projects in seven countries. I am currently a Data Scientist at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and hold certifications in Energy Risk and Climate Finance.   troyhodges12  
  January 15   Being creative is not a hobby  it is a way of life; a true professional life – That's About me.  Multi-faceted professional having over 2.5 plus years of experience in the marketing domain with Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification.  I am a keen professional to implement creative thoughts and ideas in the workplace and demonstrated a successful track record of solving issues in a challenging business environment. Skilled at multi-task handling with excellent exposure in various systems and applications.  
  
  A Ph.D. data scientist with people management  data engineer  DevOp  data QA  project management experience  and business/product knowledge.  Equipped with 5 years pharmaceutical  drug discovery  computational chemistry research experience

 Mathematician working in the financial services industry. Skilled financial data analysis  advanced statistics and machine learning and deeply passionate on insightful visualizations. Finishing the PhD in optics  laser physics.  
  An avid problem solver who loves tackling challenging problems in technology.  As a former strategy consultant and data scientist  I bring a strong analytical and entrepreneurial mindset towards solving problems and driving executive-level decisions.   Experienced in defining product and technology roadmaps  conducting user research  identifying market opportunities  and using analytics and data-driven experimentations to guide product development  
  
 My research interests lie broadly in statistical methodology and machine learning algorithms as well as applied statistics in various domains. The central goal is to enable reasoning under uncertainty  to understand natural and statistical phenomena  and to meet challenges from modern data (including dimensionality  scalability  structural complexity and varying data quality etc). Of particular interest are the following topics:      - High dimensional statistical inference     - Statistics and machine learning for big data     - Methodology related to data heterogeneity     - Clustering and classification     - Data contamination and domain adaptation     - Human learning inspired learning algorithms (e.g.  co-training  active learning)     - Ensemble methods for statistical learning and inference     - Spatial and computational statistics     - Imaging and computer vision.  Feel free to visit my web:          https://sites.google.com/site/dhyan2004/  
 

 I am passionate about new technologies and always curious to explore opportunities with growth potential and broader social impact. I am thoroughly enjoying my experiments with data using statistical modelling and machine learning techniques. I enjoy every bit of it  whether it is building recommendation engines  creating impactful models  extracting powerful insights  identifying interesting patterns or predicting rare occurrences.  I am also an experienced solar energy professional and have built Yuktha Energy (http://www.yespl.in) with a vision to solve today's key issues of the energy crisis and climate change using solar solutions. We grew as a strong team of 25 engineers specialized in solar plant design and construction with an installed capacity of more than 300 MW.  Key Skills: Predictive Analytics  Distributed Computing  Machine Learning  Computer Vision   Entrepreneurship
   
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry. Skilled in Mathematics  Applied and Theoretical Computer Science and Data Science. Strong engineering professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) focused in Computer Science and Economics from Northwestern University.  
 
  I'm a Data Scientist in McKinsey’s Digital practice.  Before joining the Firm I founded Tech Nick Creative  a Minneapolis-based digital marketing agency that was acquired in 2015.  At the Firm  my work focuses on the intersection of three areas: Data  Product  and Design. I consider myself to be an Analytics Engineer  in that I enjoy applying advanced analytics techniques to a variety of industry verticals to create analytics products.  This means that I'm well-veresed in both design and delivery. Data science and data engineering. Model development and application development. DevOps and product ownership. Identifying value and bringing it to life. I thrive in environments that require the integration of traditionally-siloed tech skills to deliver impact through distinctive analytics experiences and insights.  Views shared here are my own.  Strengthsfinder 2.0 Strengths: Command  Strategic  Ideation
 data engineer  data scientist  roryhr.com  
  
 Data Scientist combining classical statistical approaches with more modern machine learning methods. Recognized Data Scientist enabling Industrial companies both as in-house developer and as senior management consultant to a Fortune 500 client portfolio. Excels at bridging communication and process facilitation between highly technical project experts and non-technical end users. Additional areas of expertise include:    •	Consultative Business Development •	R •	Team Architecture & Deployment •	Linear Models •	Predictive Modeling/Analytics •	Decision Trees •	Start-Ups/Venture Capital   NPHard  
 
 • Seven years of work and research experience in computer science and information systems.  • Believe in Data as a Service (DaaS). Devote myself to using data mining to learn the world better. • Familiar with processing large scale data set using the Hadoop ecosystem tools. • Familiar with C  C++  Java  Python  Shell  SQL  Matlab and R. • Research experience on Wearable Computing with Data Mining.  Specialties: Knowledge discovery with data mining and distributed systems. Solving real-world problems using programming and quantitative methods.  

  I am a full time Masters student in Business Analytics with a keen interest in these areas:   •	Data Mining  •	Machine Learning •	Predictive modeling and statistical analysis •	Data Science •	Data Analysis and Visualization •	Business Intelligence •	Reporting  Languages: SQL  PL/SQL  R  Python  Core Java  C  C++  Unix

Innovative hands-on technology leader with experience hiring  leading and mentoring high performing data science and engineering teams.  I am passionate about solving problems and building data driven solutions that help startups  enterprises and government agencies realize the value of their data assets.   My interests include distributed computing  machine learning  information extraction from unstructured data and the integration of analytics into applications and data services.   jjvawdrey  
  As a DataScientist  I currently provide engineering support to multiple functional areas as  Deployment  Commercialization and Product Management on innovative AI products and integrations from conception to large-scale commercialization.  As a French Man in the Bay area  I also love to inspire people to explore new paths and I'm dedicated to helping the French Community to Learn to Grow and Live a Purposeful Life.  I look forward to hearing from you!  
  Former finance professional looking to utilize a background in Mathematics and problem solving in the world of Data Science and  Machine Learning.  Recent Data Science Bootcamp graduate seeking to utilize my skill set to help solve your company’s pressing problems and derive insights from data via Machine Learning techniques including Neural Networks and Deep Learning. Throughout my career I have developed the ability to systematically approach issues  communicate the problem  and find the solution  and I look forward to continuing that in my next endeavor.  
  Causal inference expert. ~3 years of industry experience in Data Science. PhD from The University of Chicago.  
  As a data scientist at Figma I have helped foster a culture of data-driven decision making while developing a fundamental analytics infrastructure which empowers sales  marketing  and product teams to make important decisions and understand their impact.  
   
  
  
  Software professional with 3 years of work experience. Earned a Masters degree in Computer Science from University of Southern California. Currently seeking Full-time opportunities in Software Engineering.  
  
  I am passionate about the intersection of neuroscience  data science and social justice.  

 I am a business analyst turned data scientist who is passionate about solving business problems by data-driven approaches.  
  I hold a Bachelor of Science in Engineering as well as a Master of Science in Applied Mathematics from Ecole Centrale Paris  and I am currently pursuing a Master of Business Analytics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.   I have interned at Wavestone’s Machine Learning & Data Lab as well as BCG Gamma  both as a data scientist. I have developed an expertise in Machine Learning  Deep Learning and Optimization throughout his curriculum and have had extensive experience applying these tools and techniques to both business and research oriented problems. I am currently supervised by Prof. Dimitris Bertsimas (John von Neumann prize winner  former MIT ORC co-director) in my research on interpretable machine learning and optimization applied to various healthcare problems.  With my comprehensive analytical background and strong communication skills  I want to pursue a career where I can help companies leverage their data to make an impact on both their business and society.  
  I like to solve problems. Being in the field of Data Science has given me a chance to leverage my analytical and technical skills to do that.  I've had experience in deploying end-to-end analytical solutions  while working collaboratively to deliver the results in production environment with deadlines.   End-to-End analytical experience includes • Defining business problem: Understand the business objective and define success criteria. Understand the current processes and the scope of the problem being solved.  • Chart the analytical approach: Use Hypothesis Testing and EDA to understand/prepare the data and define the approach (R  Python  Excel) • Proof of Concept: Work with the end user to iteratively develop a working solution that meets all the objectives and constraints (business  environment  tools  data  timeline) that can be scaled (Python usually done in MarkDowns and Jupyter Notebooks)  • Implementation in production: Scale the above solution with right infrastructure/tools to meet the complete scope • Evangelize the results: Develop the right KPIs to monitor the performance of the solution and communicate the results to the end user. Facilitate changes to the solution to aid the consumption of the product. Empower the end user with the required information to use the product. (Tableau
  

  I am passionate about solving real-world problems using data science!  My Qualifications: Programming : proficient with Python(scikit-learn  Pandas  Numpy  Scipy  Seaborn)  TensorFlow  Java  MATLAB
 
  I am a data scientist at McKinsey & Company I graduated from the Master of Business Analytics(MBAn) Program at MIT Operation Research Center and Sloan Business School. I was an undergraduate at NYU Honor Mathematics Major with GPA 3.98. I have achieved GRE score 338 (Verbal 168  Quantitative 170  AW 4.5). Theocratically  I am a math savvy who enjoys doing brain-twisting math. Professionally  I am a data scientist who loves applying model to make data-driven decisions. Personally  I am an amateur magician who have held 7 magic shows in New York.  
 February 26   Senior data scientist  media researcher  and technical leader with a background in both start-up and large organizations focused on entertainment content. Experienced at building machine learning models  big data engineering  and delivering comprehensive analysis reports including insightful data visuals. Specific expertise in natural language processing and text analysis to convert unstructured content into structured  actionable datasets. Accomplished at ensuring cross-functional alignment and project collaboration while balancing data integrity and business impact. Seeking opportunities to apply my passion for data science research to creatively solve unique business and product challenges within media and entertainment.  Research areas:  data science • machine learning • natural language processing • digital humanities • narrative analysis • text mining • data visualization • media studies (search & discovery  trends  consumer behavior) • crowdsourcing • personalization • storytelling 
   

data scientist with 15+ years of experience in delivering statistically complex data mining and machine learning solutions  I have delivered models from prototype to full-scale production.  My approach to problem solving includes a combination of in-depth statistical modeling and software engineering that enables data science teams to deliver at scale for near-term business needs while maintaining a vision for the future state.  Leadership: - Strategic business and process development - Agile project management  - Team building and mentorship  Quantitative: - Time series forecasting and signal processing - Clustering techniques - Predictive machine learning models - Recommendation and rank indexing techniques - A/B testing  Technical: - Production level OO and TDD in Python  C/C++ and Java - Linux/Unix bash scripting - HDFS  Redshift  BigQuery  Postgres  MySQL
  

  Data Scientist at Centiment   TECHNICAL SKILLS (1.5 years of machine learning experience) • R/RStudio (dplyr  ggplot  shiny  knitr) • Python (numpy  scipy  matplotlib  scrapy) • Machine Learning Modeling and Algorithms (ensembles  stacking) • Natural Language Processing and Word Embedding • Unix/Linux
  
  Data Scientist with broad background with interests in predictive modeling and automated tools  looking for opportunities in South Bay Area.  

  Dynamic  focused professional with a strong background in Data Science and Analytics with emphasis on Machine Learning with Python. Keen to build on the knowledge and gain expertise through rigorous professional experience. Experienced in building solutions and predictive modelling for retailer  IOT  financial and health care data.  

  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the health  telecommunications  sports  and nonprofit industries. Skilled in R  Python  Tableau  and public speaking. Strong information technology professional graduated with a BS in Statistics from Purdue University  MS in Business Intelligence and Analytics and MBA from Rockhurst University. 
  
  I am a Data Scientist and ML practitioner correctly working on standardizing LinkedIn's Economic Graph. Previously  at Amazon  I worked on making Alexa smarter and more productive for our customers by working on some very challenging ML problems ranging from personalization to relevance to text classification and natural language understanding. Before joining Amazon  I was at the University of Cincinnati where I got my master's degree in Analytics and thoroughly enjoyed deep diving into the data mining and applied machine learning space.   -      Interests: Machine Learning  Data Mining  Analytics  Predictive Modeling -      Analytical Packages: R  Python
  My background is in Atmospheric Science  where I use statistical analysis and machine learning to analyze climate change impact on wind energy resources.  I'm excited to apply my skills to solve data-driven problems in our lives.  
  
  I am an experienced Data Scientist  having worked at Intellect Design Arena since June 2018 and completing the Data Incubator Data Science Fellowship Program in May 2018 as well. I transitioned into a career in data science following the completion my PhD studies in physics in early 2018  with a desire to translate my skills in mathematical modeling to statistical analyses and machine learning. I am fluent in multiple programming languages  such as Git  Python  and MatLab and am also able to use compute clusters and Amazon Web Services (AWS).  
   
  Dr. Mourad Sarrouti • Areas of interest include machine  deep and transfer learning  natural language processing  question answering  and information extraction.  • Currently working on projects that evaluate the performance of deep learning (seq2seq models  LSTM  etc) and transfer learning models (BERT  SciBERT
  I'm a full-stack Data Scientist optimistic about the power of data and technology to change our norms. I care deeply about fostering healthy  inspired teams and building robust data solutions. I have experience deploying ML solutions in both real-time environments and for offline  interactive dashboards as well as leading strategy definition and execution for Data Science teams.  
  
   Background  I am a Data Scientist with a background in Mathematics and Business. I am proficient in Statistics  Data Mining and Business Analytics with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. My experiences as an analyst have taught me the value of understanding the data and leverage data to gain actionable insights for making better business decisions that can make a positive impact.    Technical Skillset:   Programming Languages: Python  R  SQL  Modeling: Regression  Classification  NLP  Time Series  Neural Network
 Electrical and Computer Engineer  proficient at manipulating data and applying machine learning to several domains. I have deployed models and data pipelines for projects in real estate  brain imaging  finance  operations and marketing using the Python ecosystem. Open for data science  analytics  BI and research roles.  Stack: Python  SQL  Spark
 The one thing in common among my work experiences has been the ability to understand the business needs of the company and the technical challenges of the problem at hand to develop a practical solution that works well and gets to market in a timely fashion.  In addition to this I build strong relationships with the people that work for me and with me. As a result I have a network of some of the best technical people in New England to draw from whenever I start a new job.  Currently  I have used my network to help start up my own company  called Fast Strike Sports  that makes fantasy sports games for state lotteries.  Previously  I was the VP of Science at matchmine where I helped refine an existing recommendation system to make it flexible enough to meet the needs of a wide range of partners (movies  music  videos  blogs and podcasts). This was not a collaborative filtering approach but one that focused on understanding the content of the items and the interests of the users. It required gathering data from many sources  analyzing it
 
  Highly driven data science professional with 3 years of experience in Predictive Analytics  Machine Learning  Data Wrangling and Business Intelligence.   Skills:  •	Predictive Modelling  •	Exploratory Data Analysis  •	Experimental Design Testing •	Marketing and Text Analytics •	Data Visualization •	Data Warehousing  Tools:  Python  R  Teradata  SQL  Hadoop  AWS
 
 Data Scientist with years of experience building applications and providing key insights to business stakeholders.  Background in Mathematics and Economics with extensive focus in Data Science through Johns Hopkins and Galvanize.  Project and Code Repository: • https://www.github.com/jbisconde  Technical Skills: • Big Data Ecosystem: Spark  Hadoop  Scalding  Presto • Programming: Python  Scala  C++  JavaScript • Statistical Computing: R  STATA  MATLAB / Octave • Database: MySQL
 
 Business-minded data scientist with a demonstrated ability to deliver valuable insights via advanced analytics and data-driven methods with 2 years of experience in data science domain. Well versed with data exploration  statistics  predictive modeling  machine learning and deep learning algorithms focused on computer vision  NLP and speech analytics to solve challenging business problems. Involved in Python open source community and passionate about bringing artificial intelligence and deep reinforcement learning to Business.  
  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the healthcare and financial services industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language)  Microsoft Word  Statistical Data Analysis  Hive  and SQL. Strong business strategic planning and analytics professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Computational Analysis and Public Policy from The University of Chicago.  
   
  
  I am a data-driven decision-maker and strategist. My passion is to convert data into actionable insights and recommendations utilizing predictive analysis  statistical modeling  and optimization.   Programming: Python  R  SQL  HTML5. Platforms: AWS (S3  SageMaker  EC2)
 Data Science and Machine Learning Enthusiast. Skilled in Python  PHP  C++  Databases  and Java.  Strong research professional with a Masters focused in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University.  
   
  Experienced Data Scientist with a master’s in computer science and 4+ years of professional work experience. Proven track record in developing predictive models  machine learning systems  text  and visual analytics. A strong combination of programming skills and statistics. Passionate about applying data analytics to solve real-world problems.  
  
  The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure  ― Christopher McCandless  Adventure seeker  always looking out for new experiences  passionate about Running (an ultra-marathon runner in making).  Data Scientist with 6 years of experience of applying machine learning skills into different business domain and building AI based Saas Products   I take a keen interest in the latest research and cutting edge algorithms which are being used in the field of Data Science and implement relevant research from academia into my projects.  Expertise:  Machine Learning | Natural Language Processing(NLP) | Information Extraction(IE) Image Processing | Deep Learning | Predictive analytics | Operations Research Time Series forecasting | Route Optimization | Inventory Planning.  Tools:  Python PySpark  R  Ruby 
 
  Lokesh is currently working as a Data Scientist with experience in NLP  Deep Learning and Machine Learning. He graduated from The LNMIIT  Jaipur in May 2018. His technical expertise includes fluency in programming languages including Python  R  C  Java  Keras;  fluency in databases like Neo4j and MySQL; advanced knowledge of libraries and packages including pandas
 
  I have over 3 years of experience working in Data Science. Currently  I work as a Data Scientist at Applied Materials  improving products and services for customers by using advanced analytics  creating and maintaining models and onboarding compelling new data sets.  Competencies - Data Science  Machine Learning  Big Data  R/Java/Python
 
  Data Scientist with 3+ years of experience in Predictive analysis  Data Acquisition  Data Mining  Machine Learning  Data Visualization with various data sets. Specialisation in anomaly detection  AML  network analysis and Natural Language Processing based applications.  
 
  I am a practical researcher with mathematical and analytic skills  machine learning experience  and ability to create and rigorously evaluate new methods and technology to solve problems.  I am a senior software engineer with years of experience in a variety of technologies and platforms.  I think deeply  build software (both prototype and production quality)  am unusually honest  strongly advocate doing the right thing  and get groups to work more effectively.  
 
  Data Science student at Illinois Institute of Technology and expected to graduate in May 2020. Have 2 years of hands-on experience applying machine learning to language detection  customers profiling and fraud detection problems. A quick learner with proficiency in Python and R  and experience in SQL. I am passionate about discovering non-intuitive patterns in data through machine learning which helps in making an informed and data driven decision.  Relevant coursework:  IIT Chicago : NLP  Machine Learning in Finance  Big Data  Statistical Learning  Data Preparation and Analysis  Data Structures and Algorithms
   

 a Ph.D. in economics from the University of California  Santa Cruz. His doctoral research experience includes the use of statistical tools and empirical techniques to conduct quantitative analysis and draw causal inference on the evaluation of efficiency in the online lending market at micro-level as well as measuring fiscal multipliers over business cycles at macro-level. He has also built a general equilibrium model to study and illustrate leverage movements over business cycles.  Strong background in causal inference  simulation  quantitative and statistical modeling and analysis. Also experienced in supervised/unsupervised machine learning  data visualization  big data analysis with Spark/MapReduce  and sentiment analysis with natural language processing (NLP).  Language and Tools: Python
 
 Data Scientist with a PhD in Transportation Engineering and minor in Computer Science. Skilled in Artificial Intelligence  Machine Learning  Statistical and Quantitative Analysis  and Big Data. More than 5 years of experience developing products  designing and analyzing research experiments  and communicating valuable insights effectively and efficiently as a Researcher  Data Scientist  and R&D Consultant. Currently  I'm looking for a Data or Research Scientist position with a focus on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. 
 

  Computer Vision  Natural Language Processing  Financial Machine Learning.   prwl_nght  
  Experienced Senior Business Analyst with a demonstrated history of working in the hospital & health care industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis  Statistical Modeling  Remote Desktop  Windows Server  and Window. Strong research professional with a PGP in data science focused in Big Data analytics from International School of Engineering (INSOFE).  
 Responsible story telling with data  actionable insights  statistical thinking......  
  Analytics professional  
 

 I enjoy using data to drive business.  
 December 10   5+ years experienced  professional with a demonstrated history of working in the Data & Business analytics with concentration in Marketing  digital  web analytics  Life Sciences & Pharma. Knowledge of Cloud technologies like AWS & GCP. Good with business intelligence tools like Tableau  POWER BI and dashboarding. Skilled in Python  R  SAS  Machine Learning
   
  Being trained on Business Intelligence Technologies and Basic Software Engineering  started Professional Career as Software Engineer  developed Business Valued Analytical Products/Solutions for Manufacturing  Retail and Banking Industries  exploring and learning Data Modeling  ETL  Warehousing
  Spearheading projects in spatiotemporal forecasting  machine learning  and large scale data processing.  
 Skilled in Deep Learning  NLP  Machine Learning  Statistics  and Algorithms. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused on Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania. An avid supporter of helping children from conflicted regions to take up education and rise as professionals. An amateur public speaker and a photographer.   ZairahSahaf  
  
  Data Science graduate student with experience across predictive analytics   machine learning and Deep Learning  paired with strong communication skills and analytical ability actively seeking opportunities in the field of data science.  

 A Computer Science engineer with a demonstrated history of working in Data Science domain. Skilled in Python  SAS  SQL  OpenCV  C/C++  and JavaScript. Hands-on with various clustering and regression techniques in Machine Learning and Neural Networks in Deep Learning.   During my under graduation  I acquired a solid foundation in fields such as Algorithms  Database Management  Social Network Analysis

 Ph.D. in Physics  result oriented  dedicated and scientifically trained with extensive experience in design of experiments  big data sets analyze  computer programming  predictive and statistics modeling.   Specialties: -- Machine learning  statistical modeling  mathematical modeling -- Software skills: Python  R
  
  Junior Data Scientist with 2+ year of experience in project work  internship and research assistantships. Beat 50+ teams from top universities and big-data industry in HackathonCLT by building best machine learning model for the problem. Skilled in data preparation  handling big data  data exploration and visualization  machine learning  statistics  problem solving and programming.  

 5+ years of experience in large-scale data analysis  data ETL  data mining  machine learning  statistical analysis and modeling through SQL  Python  R and Hadoop.   - Proficient in using statistical tools to conduct data analysis for critical business decisions with effective communication to solve business problems and execute solutions. - Experienced in handling multiple comprehensive projects with short turn-around time.   - Techniques: SQL  R  Python

  I am a 'Big Data' enthusiastic individual with vested interests in 'Data Science'. During my past project involvements  I have acquired skills in discovering the insights hidden in huge data  performing statistical analysis  Data Modeling and translating evaluations into customer-centric solutions.   In my recent past  I have undertaken various projects using R  Python  Statistics and Machine Learning. I possess the ability to coordinate with end users for designing and implementation of analytics solutions as per project proposals. I can easily prepare scripts to ensure accurate Data access  manipulation and reporting functions with R programming language.   In addition

Specialized in developing and deploying ML/DL solutions • Experience in CV/ML (classification  regression  clustering  pattern recognition  recommendation systems  NLP  Kalman/particle filter  etc.) • Experience with large-scale data analytics and modeling (Hadoop  Spark
  Data Scientist turned Founder.   lpettingill  
  Energetic professional in the Data Science and Analytics field with skilled expertise in SQL  Python and R. Have guided product managers  customer service managers and senior management make better decisions with non-obvious insights.  
  

   
  An enthusiastic fresher with highly motivated and leadership skills having bachelors of engineering degree in computer science Engineering. Expert in implementation of each step of project. Eager to learn new technologies and methodologies. Always willing to innovate the new things which can improve the existing technology.  
  PhD data scientist/theoretical physicist with 10+ years experience in scientific research  data modeling and software development. Experienced in building scalable machine learning products for optimization and automation at startups. Proven track record in deploying production code to drive business values.  Quantitative skills: Machine learning  data mining  statistical analysis  mathematics  theoretical physics Technical skills: Python (scipy/pandas/sklearn/matplotlib)  R  Spark
 California   I have a strong computational background and broad experience in statistical data modeling  machine learning and natural language processing.  
   
  Experienced Data Science associate with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Prior worked with RioTinto innovation center providing analytical solutions using predictive modeling and Machine learning techniques in different areas w.r.t Mining industry. Skilled in Statistics  Predictive Analytics  Machine Learning and Deep learning (Python & R). Currently working in Healthcare enhancing ease of work and striving for better solutions in critical problem statements using ML and Deep learning techniques.  
   

  Experienced Data Scientist  with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & gas industry as a Data and Geo-Scientist. Bachelor's Degree in Geoscience / Mathematics and Master's Degree in Geology / Geophysics.  Feature engineering & machine learning Predictive analytics & advanced data analysis GIS analyst Complex algorithm development database design   Petrel  GeoGraphix  IHS Enerdeq  SMT/Kingdom  Texas RRC DB Python  R  dotNet  C# Javascript Power BI
 
  A data enthusiast and a researcher in the field of Artificial Intelligence  with primary interests in Natural Language Processing  Cognitive Science and Machine Learning. A lifelong learner with degrees of Bachelor of Technology and Master of Science (by Research) in Computer Science and Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology  Kharagpur.  
  Seven years of quantitative risk experience ranging from actuarial analysis to data science. Interested in applying statistics to new challenges in technology and research.  
   
 Excited to explore innovative applications of machine learning on various platforms. Builder of award-winning applied machine learning prototypes.  Let's connect and hack the change we want to see!   smellslikeml  
  Senior data scientist experienced in developing data-driven applications in multiple domains.  

 •	Having 3+ years of experience in Data Science using Python and machine learning algorithms •	Proficient in understanding and analyzing of data pertaining to various domains  build best-fit models based on the data and providing appropriate insights to business problems •	Experience in validating and preprocessing data using EDA and Statistical Techniques: Descriptive and Inferential Statistics  Univariate and Bivariate Analysis  Missing values and Outlier treatment and scaling of features •	Experience and knowledge on statistical and machine learning techniques: Linear/logistic Regression  Decision Tree  Random Forest  Naive Bayes and Clustering •	Experience in Feature Engineering

data enthusiast  I strive to leverage data to make a sizeable impact on revenue and growth for a company. By applying Data Science  I seek to contribute meaningful recommendations for business teams to make better decisions in a way that may never have been thought of before.   I am currently pursuing an MS in Business Analytics from the University of Southern California  Marshall School of Business. I offer five years of professional experience in both technology consulting and the hospitality industry and have contributed to numerous projects including landscape analysis  Business Process Improvement  and Product Analytics. My interest in Data Science is inspired by my own professional experiences where I was able to recognize the impact of data and technology for business success in terms of growth and decision making.  Skills:  Programming: Data Cleaning/ Descriptive Analytics (R: dplyr  lubridate; Python: numpy)  web scrapping (R: rvest)  SAS Visualization: R: Shiny
   
  I'm a Data Science and Analytics professional interested in solving real-world problems using Mathematics. I have 4+ years of experience in the field with progressive leadership in building scalable data-driven solutions. My expertise lies in category design and operations analytics of e-commerce across a spectrum of business problems such as consumer experience  customer engagement  and retention  returns  selection  pricing  traffic and merchandising and in other industries such as video game consoles  insurance and marketing 


 
  I write about the inside scoop of data science  AI and productivity hacks.  I'm a data scientist  currently riding the waves of machine learning and AI at AWS. Previously  I have worked on time-series forecasting  A/B Testing  and product analytics.  I built the first time series forecasting model for advertising at Boingo Wireless; analyzed and help launched over 100 A/B tests at Amazon.com and have a US patent on experimentation with my colleagues. Currently  I'm building ML models for AWS customers from various industries to accelerate their business and products. I love it.  I'm from Dalian  a coastal city in China. I lived in LA and Seattle before I moved to SF. I just love the smell of the sea. (...and the smell of coffee!)  I share my ideas and learnings about data science through writing.  You can find my articles here: https://medium.com/@DalianaLiu  Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa0RTSXWyZdh7IciV9r-3ow  If you want to read more insights I share exclusively with my friends
 

  I'm a former data science manager at Asana focused on working with product teams. I love the human side of data  thrill at well-communicated results  and am excited to spend my days thinking about how to build amazing teams. Transitioned into data after working as a flavor researcher (blog.galvanize.com/food-chemistry-to-data-science-then-a-job-at-asana/) and am always happy to be a resource for others looking to make the jump into data.  
 February 8    
   
  Applied experience in Regression  Classification  Natural Language Processing  and Neural Networks. Details and results lie under 'Metis'.   Graduated from the Kelley School of Business with majors in Finance  Accounting  and Entrepreneurship & Corporate Innovation.  
  
  Data Scientist with professional experience designing and developing machine learning applications.  • Bachelor’s and Master's in Computer Science with specialization in Data Science.  • Solid understanding of data structures  algorithms and software design concepts.  • Strong background in the fields of data science and statistics.  • Experience in programming languages like R  Python and Java.  
  I am an experienced data scientist  software engineer  and theoretical physicist.  I have 5+ years experience working as a data scientist in the private sector. I have 10 years of experience doing academic research in materials physics.  My goal is to use my mathematical abilities and my physics knowledge to advance the science and application of mathematical models of all sorts.  I have subject matter knowledge in the energy sector  e-commerce  real estate  and materials physics.  Specialties: Physics  machine learning


 Senior Data Scientist  working with Target Corporation for 4 years. Currently working on Target's Personalisation Engine for Automated and Intelligent Insight Generation.  Worked on ”Smart Buildings” project. Rich knowledge on data extraction  Information Retrieval and Automated Learning. A Masters Degree in Data Science adds on to the academic knowledge with the practical aspect. Exposure to various ML and Deep Learning Architectures. Committed to work  passionate to solve real world problems using my knowledge  never want to stop learning.  Completed M.Tech in DS(Data Science) from IIIT Bangalore  with Data Science as specialisation.  Self motivated  having wide range of skills and have team spirit as I have worked on many projects in big as well as in small teams. I am able to take on the responsibility of this position immediately  and have the enthusiasm and determination to ensure that I make a success of it. 
 

 Data Scientist experienced in modeling Multivariate Linear and Logistic Regression  Classification Trees  Machine Learning algorithms using statistical tools like Python. Proficient in writing SQL.   Experienced in providing end-to-end analytical solutions from data acquisition and manipulation  exploratory analysis  building and validating predictive models to generating actionable insights from the analysis.   bulentarslan  
 I graduated from Rutgers University – New Brunswick with a master’s degree in mathematical finance (MSMF) and from Georgia Institute of Technology with a master’s degree in computer science (OMSCS).  I am currently having 4 years experience in analytics domain and exposure to various fields such as statistical modeling  machine learning  deep learning and data visualization.  
 
 Ambitious problem solver  always looking for solutions using analytical and technical tools and techniques.  Interested in gaining a better understanding of any setting using data and mathematics to assist in decision making and understanding.  Avid storyteller  eager to explain solutions and methods to others.  
   

If there is one thing that drives the many varied aspects of my career  it is the desire to build large systems with a large number of users that have a big impact. This has led me to focus on distributed computing and networking  machine learning  natural language processing  security and more. Though these skills don't necessarily lend themselves to a single domain of effort  it has given me a number of perspectives that inform my designs of complex systems. Largely  I am therefore an architect and programmer whose focus is a balance between human and machine intelligence.   These perspectives are also taken from my career in a variety of startups and academia. I've enjoyed being a part of extremely effective small to medium sized teams building recommender systems  reading level classifiers
 
  •	High comfort level with programming and quantitative skills in data modeling using Python  MATLAB  R and SAS •	Web scraping  Data ETL process •	Potent statistics  mathematics  and analytics background •	Rich experience with machine learning algorithms  deep learning algorithms  general data analysis
   
 I have a passion for science  art  and any opportunity to intertwine the two. Through my background  I have a lot of experience working with diverse groups and also independently. From my work experience and various research projects I have learned a few things about myself such as:   ♦ I like to share ideas. I don't care who gets credit because this is the only way new ideas prosper.   ♦ I don't accept discouragement from any failures; instead I let it add to my ever growing motivation and start the next day with a clean score sheet.   ♦ Being detail oriented has taken on a new level in my perspective. I've learned that the smallest things make the biggest differences.  
 Data scientist with 5 years hands-on experience in developing and deploying machine learning models for broad industry  including capacity planning  demand forecast  schedule optimization  recommendation  and production prediction. + Passionate in machine learning practices  including regression  classification  clustering


 Data Science professional with over 4 years of experience in the field. Formerly worked as Data Engineer for the Tata Group building solutions for cross-domain intelligence on consumer data and as a BI consultant for a European multinational (servicing one of the biggest FMCG firms on their Supply Chain Finance and Indirect Taxes BI system). A zealous learner who's willing to experiment  work with different techniques and technologies to get the job done best.  Skills summary (In order of recent experience/stronger first):- Programming languages: Python  R  Excel VBA  Bash  C BI tools: Tableau  MSFT BI Stack  QlikView Statistical analysis tools: Jupyter notebooks  R Studio
  

  Data science expert with 4 years of business experience and 8 years of academic experience.  Holds a Ph.D. degree in Economics with a specific focus on statistical modeling.  Hands on experience: deep learning models(CNN  LSTM and ANN)  decision tree models (XGBoost  LightGBM  GBM  Random Forest etc.)  clustering techniques  data quality
 

  I'm a fixer: I like killing manual processes and mitigating bottlenecks  and I love building tools that make someone's life easier. I'm excited about performing analyses  creating visualizations  and implementing predictive models that drive products or interventions that help people live their best lives.  
 𝐊𝐚𝐠𝐠𝐥𝐞 𝐄𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐭 𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥 𝐑𝐚𝐧𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠: Top 3% in the World (3689 of 118034) 𝐌𝐚𝐜𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐋𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 (𝟏𝟎 𝐲𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐬): Python  XGBoost  LightGBM  CatBoost  SKLearn  Linear Learner  RCF  K-means  𝐃𝐞𝐞𝐩 𝐋𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐠 (𝟒 𝐲𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐬): TensorFlow  Keras
 

  I am working with data science and artificial stuff.I am proficient in python r c++.I have good hand on work experience of working with machine learning algorithm .  
  I am a MBA with a strong quantitative and programming skillset  most notably am a former PhD Student in Computational & Applied Math.  My vocation lies at the intersection of business strategy and machine learning -- generating actionable business and marketing insights by building good statistical models.  I love working with other people -- both technical and non-technical -- on these kinds of problems.  I'm targeting data scientist roles  particularly in sports  tech  and entertainment media.  Pre-MBA I was an econometrician at Charles River Associates for 5 years.  There  I used machine learning techniques to model consumer purchasing decisions and to predict demand shifts due to prospective large-cap mergers.    If you've read this far  1. thank you for your interest  and 2. please reach out if you're interested in a conversation: ajh3@wharton.upenn.edu.     RESEARCH INTERESTS:  Customer lifetime value; statistical methods for classification and regression problems
 
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Market Research  Marketing  Data Analysis  Quantitative Research  and Artificial Intelligence (AI). Strong engineering professional with a Master's degree focused in Applied Data Analytics from Boston University.   data_girl_sarah  

 I am a data scientist  with experience in the retail industry  who is passionate about building better data products  and data science education.   Education: Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering (Minor in a Data Science) from the University of Washington  2018  Languages: Python  R  Bash  SQL  MySQL
  I love achievements that are hard-earned and find myself constantly climbing up steep learning curves to develop new applications and products. I find it exciting to contribute to any and all phases of product development: from idea to market.  WHAT I DO: I help reach research goals in product development or applications. I also help technology companies optimize and demonstrate products. I work on mentally engaging and hands-on projects. For example  developing prototypes or implementing machine learning to predict outcomes.  HOW I DO IT: To achieve product development goals I find relevant research or knowledge that can be applied through experimentation. This typically requires designing statistically sound experiments and data collection using scientific equipment. I then analyze those data to drive decisions or create predictive models  which contribute to product development or improvement.  SPECIALTIES: Python  SQL  Scikit-learn  Airflow  Docker  AWS
  Have a strong background in Statistics  Python and Machine Learning. Looking for a Data Scientist position in the San Francisco Bay area.  

	Engineer with over 6 years of experience in building and deploying machine learning/deep learning models into production.  •	Experience in full-stack machine learning development including building data pipelines  system design  and continuous training and deployment.  •	Familiar with working in a business environment and delivering business insights and regular presentations to senior executives.  
  
 I’m a community health advocate turned data scientist interested in the intersection of race  health  and technology. My life’s mission is to improve the health of as many people as possible through data—especially among those marginalized and or with chronic diseases.  I received my M.S. from Stanford Med where I was trained in clinical research  experimental design  and statistics with an emphasis on observational studies. In addition  I am adept at coding in Python  R  SQL  and using big data tools such as Spark. This set of skills has allowed me to seamlessly navigate the complexities of working with both medical claims data and unstructured electronic health record data at scale.  In my free time
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the Artificial intelligence and Machine Learning industry. Skilled in ANN  CNN  RNN  Java  C  MongoDB  and Python. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) focused on Computer Science from Sir M Visvesvaraya Institute Of Technology.   Find my research on dharmanathpatil.com 

A “full stack” data scientist with experience leveraging state-of-the-art machine learning to build search  ranking  recommendation and matching algorithms. Forward-thinking with a deep product sense and demonstrated ability to deliver solutions alongside engineering teams. Exhibits passion that elevates and inspires the team.   Machine Learning • Deep Learning (CNN  RNN  word2vec ...) • NLP • Statistics • A/B testing • ETL • Model Deployment • Server-less REST API  
 To create a professional network. Specialties: deep learning (and application in medical imaging analysis)  statistical analysis  data mining. Code proficiently in Python  R. Hands on C/C++  SAS  perl  VB  sh. vi guru. Background in theoretical physics and math.   j_dei 
 California   A modern polymath  John possesses a unique and diverse set of skills  knowledge and experience. Having earned advanced degrees in Mechanical Engineering  Kinesiology and Data Science  his expertise focuses on machine learning  solutions to novel and ambiguous problems. He has a proven history of taking a problem from ideation to production by using a logical
 February 25   I translate Raw Data into Dashboards and PowerPoints and everything in between  
 I am currently working as a Data Scientist for the Data Science & Analytics Services team at General Electric Company  GE Digital.  Prior to GE  I worked as a Data Science Intern with a global manufacturer of finishing equipment to analyze the profitability via distributors  which enabled them to customize marketing strategies and optimize cost reduction.   I received my Master's in Business Analytics from University of Minnesota - Carlson School of Management. During my studies  I worked as an analytics consultant on live case projects involving analyzing promotion effectiveness for a CPG company and demand forecasting for a travel industry client.  I strongly believe in harnessing the power of data science for humanity  I volunteer with many non-profit organizations to help them make data-driven decisions.  Skills: • Exploratory Data Analysis - Clustering Techniques  Anomaly Detection  Association Rule Mining  Dimensionality Reduction • Statistical Techniques - Hypothesis Testing
 March 9   I'm a seasoned data scientist in machine learning  deep learning  NLP  statistical modeling  optimization and visualization. My general interests lie in using data science to solve business problems  develop machine learning models and software to solve real-world problems. Be open  be creative and move fast!  Specialties: ●	Machine Learning  Deep Learning
  
  A winner in the worldwide Teradata Analytics Challenge and presenter at the annual conference in 2017.  Finalist in the worldwide Teradata Analytics Challenge and presenter at the annual conference in 2016.   I am a dedicated professional with 5+ years of experience in the Data Science field.  I am a loyal  reliable  ambitious   hard-working individual with a passion for data science. For me  data science is more than a skill or profession. It is a constant-learning journey that empowers me to learn and achieve more. I have a personal passion for trying to solve the previously impossible.   I have worked on various Neural Network and Time Series projects. I have experience in working on techniques like Information Extraction  Classification  Clustering
  I am a software engineer having strong mathematical background (GRE QA - 168/170) and I consider both equally important in my success as a Data Scientist. I am passionate about solving real world problems. My industry experience as a Data Scientist and excellent coding  analytical & reasoning skills allows me to solve these problems. I want to use technology to bring a positive change in the world. I have experience in working and managing Development Projects  expertise  in machine learning  data munging    statistical model building and analysis. I also have experience in conceptualizing and administering various Machine Learning Projects and automating them.   iamDeepakA  
 I am a data science professional with a breadth of experience and expertise ranging from software development  data analysis  statistics  machine learning and NLP.  
  •	Data and Analytics professional with 18+ years of experience in the areas of Data Engineering & Analytics  Data Architecture  Data Modelling  Application Software Design and development  ETL and Big Data •	Experience in implementation of various analytics projects on machine learning and deep learning algorithms. •	Extensive experience in Project delivery/Management  Team Management  Practice Development- POCs/Pilots  Presales support •	Experience in developing strategies
 June 28   Your work is going to fill a large part of your life  and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do.   I am a focused  self-motivated  results-oriented person who works on improving herself each day. Driver-Pioneer by nature  I bring the most thought provoking ideas as well as the drive to lead them to fruition.  Currently  working as a Data Scientist for AI Operations at Deloitte US  worked as a Machine Learning intern for two semesters (Summer '18 Fall '18) at Deloitte US.  Previously a .Net Developer at Infosys Ltd. India
 Have strong academic back ground (M.Sc Mathematics from IIT-Madras ) and 12+ years of experience in Marketing Analytics(CSI  CLM & Pricing)  Risk Analytics(Credit Risk)  Operations Analytics  Web Analytics and Business Intelligence in consumer & commercial banking  Insurance(P&C  Health)  Retail  Telecom and Media for various clients in several countries across US
  A data hacker and open source contributer with a statistics background. Successfully architected and developed Natural Language and algorithmic solutions to help solve real business problems. Experienced in designing  building  and maintaining webapps from scratch and expanding existing systems in a variety of languages.    Proven Proficiency in:     • Python (Flask  Numpy  Pandas  sci-kit learn  NLTK  spacy NLP
  September 22   Profile: Accomplished artificial intelligence  machine learning  and data science executive with more than 20 years of experience developing actionable insights and recommendations which have driven profitable growth for seven different industry leaders.  Superb strategic leadership and problem solving skills.  Recognized for having led Subway to more than 20% annual sales growth  having lifted Staples to the highest retail customer satisfaction scores in its history  and most recently having introduced data science and machine learning to Constant Contact  Thermo Fisher Scientific  and ViralGains
   
  I lead the development and deployment of machine learning models and pipelines  with expertise in both real-time and big data architecture  specializing in Apache Spark. My initiatives have generated millions of dollars in revenue and savings for our clients.  
  February 28   Currently  I work as Data Scientist  researching and implementing machine learning algorithms tailored to specific business needs and onboarding compelling new data sets.  Competencies: Data science  Machine learning  NLP  Python   Nishankmahore 
  
 I turn your finance/reporting functions into a smooth and breezy process.  How?   My code will do the hard work by gathering  manipulating  consolidating all your data in one place to create financial statements and operational reports.  My focus is in the Healthcare industry such as Dialysis  Home Health  SNF  AL and Rehab Centers where many legacy systems can contribute to the challenge of managing data flow.  Bottom line: Stop turning the grinding stone manually and just breath easy knowing the work will get done while you sleep.  
  Published and award winning quantitative economist  expert on US  European  China and Brazil financial markets. Expert in using data science for quant and fundamental analysis and equity selection.  
 Current Expertise: - Leading a team of sophisticated quants. - Implementing RNNs and CNNs for creating new variables to add to hedonic models. Letting data speak and capturing non-linear relationship in the process while penalizing overfitting. - Investment Risk and Strategy Backtesting - Stochastic Processes and Optimization - Derivative Valuation  FRTB - PD-LGD-EAD model for Commercial/Retail/Wholesale Portfolio  CECL - Prepayment modeling/Behavioral Modeling for Mortgage/RMBS/CMO using ADCo model in QRM framework. - Stress Testing for CCAR  Shock generation and feeding shocks to models  GMS  evaluation of new variables under shock scenarios. - OTTI Loss/OCI for AFS portfolio - ALM  EVE  NII in QRM  Liquidity & Treasury - Expertise in SR11/7
  September 11   I am a team player with expertise in driving Business growth through analytics. My skills repository include SAP BI/BO  Python  C  C++ and SAP Analytics Cloud.  
  I want to apply my 10+ years of programming experiences in the industrial field of Data Science  Data Analysis or Business Analysis. My expertise lies in the areas of data analysis  remodeling  visualizing  machine learning  statistical analysis  data mining and mathematical modeling. I want to effectively use my acquired technical knowledge and expertise for the future growth of the organization as well as my personal skill development.  I am working as an research assistant in the field of mathematical modeling  machine learning and statistical analysis. My programming expertise includes R
 June 3   Professional: Ph.D. degree awarded with Dr.Varun Chandola and 11 years of computer science academic training. Research area is interpretable classiﬁcation models for risk prediction in healthcare  ﬁnance and other domain.  Contribution: Established novel tree structure factors interpretable regression model that raised state-of-art accuracy to over 70% in NY Medicaid Warehouse and factors understandable to research team for School of Nursing lead by Dr.Sharon Hewner..  Skills: Quickly new background learning and rich experience with highly restricted sensitive datasets. Strong ability to leverage mathematics and applied statistics or machine learning methods with visualization.  
  Solving puzzles to help others  could there be a better job?   I've always loved puzzles and for me the puzzle pieces are data. I love collecting the data  sorting through and connecting the data  and finally using that data to solve a problem and make an impact. Data science has given me the framework to pragmatically apply my math and science skills to puzzles in a wide range of fields. Whether it's marketing models or semi-conductor research  there is data and there is the potential to use that data for overcoming obstacles.   It’s always been about the data. In the past I’ve worked as a scientist and engineer to solve problems mostly at the lab bench  but the experiments and solutions have always been driven by data. I used data to define the problem  form a hypothesis  and design the experiments. Then the data collected from the experiments was used to build a model
   
   
 Previously worked in Analytics/Data Science and now transitioning to Software Engineering Front-End | JavaScript  React  HTML  CSS Back-End | Node  Express  RDBMS(PostgreSQL/MySQL)  NoSQL(MongoDB/Cassandra)  AWS(EC2  S3)
  I'm a geometric topologist at heart but I write Spark in Scala every day. I manage distributed computing systems  I research and develop algorithms  implement prototypes  and attempt to convince people to listen to data. I maintain graphs with billions of nodes  and handle tens of billions of records coming in daily.  If you have outrageous ideas about using data science for social theory  cinema  politics  people
   
  I recently graduated Summa Cum Laude from the University of Pennsylvania  where I earned both an MSE in Computer Science and a BSE in Computer Science with minors in Statistics and Data Science. I will begin working at Facebook as a Data Scientist in August 2020. Feel free to reach me at arjunclal@gmail.com!   Personal website: arjun-lal.github.io  
  I am a data scientist who is interested in advancing social good. I am skilled with web crawling  data analysis  nlp algorithms  distance based clustering algorithms  tree based classifiers  logistic regression and classification  and AWS.   In 2016 I graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with a degree in Computer Engineering. After college  I worked on the Watson Patient Safety (WPS) project of IBM's Watson Health division. Here I was responsible for verifying the performance of Watson's models and API's. To expedite the process
  ★ Experienced data scientist  research assistant  
  I am a data scientist with five years of experience in data preparation  analysis  and visualization. I have worked in various environments  from consulting to astro-particle physics  where data analysis is crucial for success. Through my experiences I have gained extensive knowledge on visualization tools such as Tableau and BIME  programming languages such as python  and a thorough statistical knowledge of hypothesis testing  regression
  jasjung.github.io | salary.ninja  I love to solve problems with data and machine learning.   • Experience with Python (Pandas  Numpy  NLTK  Sklearn  Keras  Tensorflow  etc)
  Data scientist and data engineer with a passion for causal  Bayesian  and tree-based methods for inference and model interpretability. I have extensive experience implementing large scale machine learning models and interpreting the results of my models. Through my experiences teaching data science  I take pride in my ability to present the most technical topics in an understandable and intriguing way.  
  Postgraduate in Math and Sc. Computing from IIT Kanpur. Experience in Data Science  Software Development. Skilled in include Machine Learning  Optimization  Deep Learning  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Experiment Design  Hypothesis Testing  Data Modeling  Analytics & Visualization. Strong engineering professional with a Master’s Degree focused in School of Computer Science - eBusiness Technology from Carnegie Mellon University.  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. Skilled in Apache Spark  Big Data  Amazon Redshift  and Amazon Web Services (AWS). Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Computer and Communication from Manipal Institute of Technology.  
  I am a curious and passionate problem solver. I believe that an approximate answer to the right problem is worth a good deal more than an exact solution to an approximate problem.  
  Currently working as a business analyst. I pursued my bachelor's from IIT Roorkee   majors in metallurgy. I graduated in 2017 summers. Having a comprehensive academic background  now my emphasis is on the real world problems. Apart from academics  I have good co-curriculars with an interest of dealing with people which makes me broad minded. I had been a part of various societies during my college.  
  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the oil & energy industry. Skilled in Data Science  Petroleum Geology  Geophysics  and Python. Strong research background with a Bachelor's degree focused in Geophysics from University of Colorado.  
 July 8   I’m a machine learning enthusiast skilled in Python  R and SQL. I’ve worked with libraries including TensorFlow  Keras  Scikit-Learn  XGBoost  NLTK and Gensim.   I spent the past 8 months working at Audible as a Data Science Research Assistant on projects including predicting content quality metrics and studying the interaction between audiobook content and genre. Additionally  I worked with the Quantitative Investment Strategies team at Goldman Sachs as part of my data science capstone project  where I assessed pharmaceutical R&D similarity through FDA clinical trial metadata.   As a student at Columbia
   
  Data Analytics professional with Computer Science background utilizing Python  SQL for the data analysis workflow including data wrangling  data storytelling  data visualization  exploratory data analysis  and applying machine learning models to big data.   Competencies: Strong data analysis skills   Python  Pandas
  A burgeoning Data scientist with 2 years of experience in creating models  analyzing data  and making test benches.Ready to work on any complex problem   which involves a copious amount of data and needs data science approaches.  
   
  
  
   
   
  I am a Data Scientist with experience in design and implementation of security and security management solutions. I am a highly motivated problem solver with strong communication skills. I am also an excellent technology adopter with business insight and customer service experience.  Currently working on machine learning and deep learning solutions with Python using a wide variety of data sources.   SKILLS  Statistics: Linear regression  Hypothesis testing  Network analysis  Predictive analytics/forecasting  Bayesian statistics  General Linear models  Random sampling methods  Missing data imputation
 April 20   I am a Graduate student with keen interest and enthusiasm towards Data Science and Analysis. Keen to complement my technical prowess with the management acumen to analyze and compute data to garner valuable insights enabling me to develop business solutions  I consider that the Information Systems will equip me with the tools to tackle complex problems.  Now I look forward for Full-time opportunities to gain Industry experience and employ my newly-acquired management aptitude and enhanced technical expertise to develop technology-driven business solutions for organizations.  Profiles: GitHub - https://github.com/prafulpb99 DataCamp - https://www.datacamp.com/profile/prafulpb95 Tableau - https://public.tableau.com/profile/praful.praveen.badami  My skills set includes: • Languages: Python (Pandas  Numpy  Matplotlib  Seaborn  Scipy  Scikit-learn)  SQL
  DS/ML/AI professional with 3+ years of work experience across a wide range of domains.  
  Aspiring data/business analyst with a predilection towards drawing the unseen from data through visualizations and analysis. Interested in modelling the data and getting it into use for business growth. I have worked with various technologies  tools and techniques that fulfill aforementioned interest in analytics. I love to take up challenges and fetch meaningful results. I possess good interpersonal skills for working with team  also I am a quick learner.  Currently working on a project for improving productive time on social media.  Key areas: Data Analysis  Business Analysis  Business Intelligence Analysis  Data Analytics in Operations Management  
  I am currently working as a Data Scientist at Affine Analytics. I have done my Btech (Hons) from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bhubaneswar  majoring Electrical Engineering. Having had a commendable academic record till date  I am highly motivated to learn through practical work in the field of analytics. A rich academic atmosphere in our institute has enabled me enhance my understanding through the projects undertaken and enrich my technical skills through the knowledge of various programming languages and softwares. I hope with this skillset and my determined nature   I will have a successful corporate career.  

 
  Software Engineer with a specialisation in Distributed Systems and Data Science.  
  
  I am 5 years of Industrial experienced data modeler emphasis on data analysis  ETL  testing  modeling  evaluation  and visualization. I am actively looking for new opportunities for data engineer/data analyst/business intelligence analyst. Please feel free to reach me at michelle.xiwang2014@gmail.com.  Specialties:  Profound understanding of Neural Networks  GLM  Random Forest
  Experienced Graduate Assistant with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in optimization  operations management and data analysis.  RESEARCH INTERESTS: -Optimization: Linear  Nonlinear  Integer Programming -Uncertainty: Robust  Stochastic Optimization -Simulation -Data Analysis  SKILLS: -Statistical analysis: Access  SPSS  Minitab  SAS
  
 I love delving deep into data to uncover insights hidden by noise through end-to-end data science pipelines: architecting  testing and productionizing statistical data analysis to inform good decisions. My fortes include strategic data reduction and featurization  explainable machine learning  and result validation. I also emphasize a collaborative culture and concise but powerful storytelling.  Currently  I lead a team of 5 data physicists studying nuclear physics phenomena in ultrarelativistic collisions at the Large Hadron Collider. We’ve made the first ever measurement of a rare particle family in proton-nucleus collisions  providing unique constraints on the theory of the strong force.  My team and I analyze several terabytes of sensor event data  and simulate collision events using Monte Carlo to augment data and test analysis codebases. Each event contains thousands of particles and there are many millions of events: we identify a 1 in 100  000 particle signal.  

I feel that world is over-saturated with various data nowadays. A lot of companies have tons of records about their businesses that have been gathering over the years and they have no idea how to leverage it. I enjoy extracting the valuable insights from the data and developing predictive models in order to achieve specific goals.  
 I am a PhD data scientist who knows how to ask insightful questions  how to apply sophisticated analytical tools  and how to learn quickly. I understand how to solve problems and think critically  and I have proven writing and speaking abilities. Analyzing and interpreting complex datasets makes me happy  and I am known for being flexible  resourceful  and for achieving goals while maintaining a positive outlook. I work effectively in both independent and collaborative environments  and excel at communicating with diverse collaborators.  SKILLS AND TOOLS • data analysis  statistical modeling

 What's in my arsenal:   - Big data: Hive  Hadoop  Pig  Spark  Splunk  - Visualization: Plotly  Matplotlib  Seaborn  R Shiny 

 Specialties: Machine Learning  Statistical Modeling   Python  R  SAS   Hadoop(Hive  Pig)  Spark 
  I’m a result-oriented Data Scientist with a B.E in Computer Science Engineering from BIT Mesra. Through the vibrant community of intellectual peers and professors at BIT  I assimilated the foundations of programming and gained a strong mathematical aptitude necessary for venturing into data science. I started with an internship in the field  where I learned the practical application of Machine Learning (ML) in the Food and Beverages (F&B) Industry. Later  I joined Ubiqum Code Academy in Barcelona (one of the best rated Machine Learning coding boot camps in Europe)  where I worked on various projects  connecting my theoretical knowledge to the application of ML. I have also worked as a freelancer  right after the completion of my course
  Data Scientist  problem solver  passionate about modeling and building analyses that improve the life of millions of people. I love learning new technologies and implementing them to solve challenging  real-world problems.  I'm fond of teaching people and transmitting my knowledge to others. I appreciate working with a high perfomance team and learning new things continuously.  
  Mohamad Eldebek is a Data Scientist  Neuroscientist and a Musician based in New York City. In 2019  Mohamad completed 15 weeks intensive Data Science program at Flatiron school. Experienced in Python (pandas  numpy  scikit-learn  scrapy  flask
  
 My professional target is to be a full stack data scientist.  Core Qualifications:  - Proficient in C++  Python  R  SQL  Hadoop (Hive  Pig  MapReduce) - Hands-on experience with machine learning and data mining algorithm  actuarial and survival analysis - A good foundation in mathematical and statistical theory  - A team worker in a multi-national group  - A sense of responsibility to make data accurate/clear and a good management of multitask  - A lifelong learner   GitHub: https://github.com/chenzizhang  I can be reached by Tel: +1 (339)-206-9069 Email: chenziz2@illinois.edu  
  
  Hands on experience on experimentation  causal inference  and developing ML algorithms. Growth is a life long process.   Website: https://swang34.github.io/  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Statistical Data Analysis  Machine Learning  Databases  Python and R. Strong engineering professional with a Master’s Degree focused in Information System Management - Business Intelligence and Data Analytics track from Carnegie Mellon University.  
  stanislaschaillou.com https://harvard.academia.edu/StanislasChaillou  
 Colorado    
 Data scientist with experience in asset management and healthcare technology. I enjoy quantifying and solving business problems with data.  
  Experienced in Computer Vision and probabilistic modelling. Actively participate in Data Science competition hosted on Kaggle and Analytics Vidhya. Hold a bachelor's degree in Material Science & Engineering from IIT Kanpur.  


 Data Science and Analytics expert with a passion for transforming data into actionable insights and predictions  
 Passion for  • applying quantitative methods to interpreting and addressing business problems  with the ability of hands-on statistical coding and modeling; • predictive modeling  data science  EDA and visualizations (D3.js)  statistics and optimization;  • personalization in users experience  understand funnel metrics and anticipate users need by leveraging data  retargeting  predictive solutions and behavioral/social sciences. • storytelling with data  Working experience with   • Economic research • Ad tech  mobile advertising
  
  Data scientist with a background in computer engineering and over a decade of experience working in a fast-paced team environment to solve challenging problems. Experienced in using quantitative tools with Python  SQL  and R to analyze data and create machine learning models for regression and classification.  

 I'm a quantitative modeler with expertise in machine learning  statistical modeling  portfolio reporting  actuarial model development  employee benefits compliance  predictive modeling  data extraction from multiple sources  data validation
  
  Interested in Machine Learning  Artificial intelligence  
 I am an ambitious Technical Professional with a keen interest in Data Science and Data Analytics.  
   
 Ayodele is a Data Scientist with a Master's Degree in Data Science. She's created models that can predict consumer segment movement  the chance of a hockey goal being scored  and the location of firearms through walls using RF sensors.   She has spoken at conferences like the HUE Tech Summit  Data Science Go  and the National Society of Black Engineers Professional Development Conference.  Upcoming conferences include Refactr.Tech  Self.Conference  and The Badge Summit.   ayodeleohh  
 Love getting insights from data and utilizing technology to improve our daily life!  Passionate about the rapidly evolving New Mobility market. New Mobility is not only about transportation and technology  but also involves policy  economics  urban planning  social value  behavioral science and so on. Strongly believe nowadays urban challenges require more and more across-disciplines solutions and glad that I'm contributing to that!  

 Computer Science graduate with a constant motivation to learn new things and seeking a challenging career in a progressive organization to enhance my knowledge  technical skills and to gain practical experience in the domain of Data science.  
 I am an experienced data science professional with an Analytical Consulting experience for fortune 500 companies (India & World) of over three years. Management Decision support  process improvement  and continuous learning are my key attributes  and I have industry & project experience in the field of Marketing  Finance  Healthcare & Engineering.  I have honed my ability to align towards common goals and KPI's  taking a consultative approach and understanding communication is critical to obtain alignment. I believe there is always something new to learn in the field of data science & machine learning as boundaries are being pushed. I enjoy collaborating with others (in person or virtually) to gain different perspectives to refine strategies. A/B testing is  fun  to me  and I love the insights testing provides.  With the plethora of data sets that exist in today's business world  my perpetual curiosity drives the analytical side of my brain as I search for (and find) answers about why tactics are performing above or below expectations.  There's rarely a dull moment in my workday
  

 Experienced Senior Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the computer software industry. Skilled in Machine Learning  Deep Learning  NLP  Probability  Statistical Data Analysis   Apache Spark
 With a background in computer science  economics  consulting  and finance  I have always worked in a data and tech-driven space to tackle human problems. Experience includes multiple machine learning projects to solve or illuminate the social issue - I like focusing on the interpretability of the models because I believe that it is an integral part of the deployment of machine learning systems.   Tech/Personal skills include: Python  SQL  R  Python  working knowledge of Hadoop ecosystem (Spark)
  Continuous and life-long learner with M.Sc. degree in Data Analytics. Start-up  corporate and academic experience in data analysis  statistical modelling  deep learning  database design and software development with total 7+ years work experience.  

   
 
 I have about 3 years of experience in Statistics and Machine Learning  Sales Intelligence  Data Mining and related concepts in Data Science and Software Development  My experience and education has taught and/or familiarized me with-  Sales Compensation  Sales Pipeline Intelligence  Operations Research  Business Analytics  Data Mining  Exploratory Data Analysis  Data Visualization  PowerBI
  Familiar with Big Data  Machine Learning  Programming (C++  Scala  Python)  Algorithms  Data Structures. I am currently working with an H1-B visa. 
 Mathematician turned Data Scientist with expertise in Machine Learning and Deep Learning real-world applications.  - Advanced Mathematics  Geometry  and Statistics. - Classical Machine learning: SVM  gradient boosting  DBSCAN  and etc. - Recommender System. - Deep Learning: CNN latest architectures for image recognition and signal processing.  Toolbox: - R  Python (pandas  numpy  scipy
 
 I graduated with a master's degree in analytics from the Carlson School of Management in May 2018. I currently work as a data scientist at Mille Lacs Corporate Ventures. Prior to joining my master's program  I worked at Credit Suisse for three years as a valuations analyst  leading projects across global cross-functional teams. I hold a master’s degree in economics and bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from BITS-Pilani.   I like challenging myself. Of the extensive knowledge I acquired through my graduate studies  I find time series analysis and natural language processing most exciting. I enjoy programming and often couple it with groovy sound mixes. When I’m not working on a project  I love traveling  discovering new music  and playing basketball.  Competencies: Data Science  Machine Learning  Text Mining
 India   March 4   I'm a mechanical engineer who's somehow found his way to data science! Currently working as a Data Scientist at High Peak Software Pvt. Ltd.  Bengaluru.  I have expertise in: Python3  C  scikit-learn  pandas  numpy


 Hi    I am a Data Science Enthusiast with more than 2 years of experience with American Express and AstraZeneca. I am passionate about exploring  defining and solving problems by harmonizing the knowledge of maths  computing  and business.  With a strong education foundation  I am currently a data science graduate student with the scholarship at the University of Illinois at Chicago and have completed my Master's from India's best technical university Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras with INSPIRE scholarship.   What I bring to the company:   - Solid understanding in diverse aspects of data science including statistical modelling  pattern recognition  image processing
 I develop machine learning algorithms and solutions in a wide range of domains. My work has been used in healthcare  fraud  finance  and social sciences.   crude2refined  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python (Programming Language)  Android App development  Java  Amazon Dynamodb. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor's degree focused in Computer Science.  
  I have experience of applying analytics to three vertical markets in Big Data; healthcare  finance and educational technology. I have a broad interest in applying computer science  and mathematics to problems of interest in the fields of big data  machine learning  analytics  and visualization. I'm specialized in quasi-experiment design  machine learning and causal inference. I have conducted workshops in academic and business conferences and built machine learning driven products.   ShirinMojarad 
  Wrote the book:  A Collection of Data Science Take-Home Challenges   modeled after real DS job interview takehome challenges. If you are about to interview and need some practice  you might want to check it out here (http://datamasked.com)  
  Builds products that make it easier for others to use machine learning (roboflow.ai).  Also: Started a data science consultancy (betavector.com). Helped buy/sell farms (80acres.co).  Co-Founded  CEO @ Represently (acq.); Build/teach 2000+ hrs of data science classes @ General Assembly; Gov/Data Products @ Facebook; Politics (digital agencies  US Senate).   josephofiowa  
  A data scientist with experience in machine learning techniques  data visualization  and data analysis using R  Python  SQL along with Google Big Query and Microsoft analytics products such as Azure  Transact-SQL  Ms. R Server. An autonomous worker committed to strive in latest technologies and skills to get the solutions for the organization.  
 Data Scientist with 4 years of machine learning engineering experience. Currently  focus on Object Detection applications.  
 Vishaal is a Data Science Consultant who brings experience in the data science project life cycle including data extraction  feature engineering  statistical modeling and model interpretation. He assists clients by developing automated Machine Learning models to help them make data-driven business decisions.  Areas of Expertise & Technical Skills  Statistical Techniques - Machine Learning  Exploratory Data Analysis  Data Cleaning  Gradient Boosting  Data Visualization  Regression Models  Regularization


  Rajesh Shreedhar Bhat is working as a Data Scientist at Walmart Labs  Bangalore. His work is primarily focused on building reusable machine/deep learning solutions that can be used across various business domains at Walmart. He completed his Bachelor’s degree from PESIT  Bangalore.  He has a couple of research publications in the field of NLP and vision  which are published at top tier conferences such as CoNLL  ASONAM  etc.. He is a Kaggle Expert(World Rank 966/122431) with 3 silver and 2 bronze medals and has been a regular speaker at Kaggle days meet up – Senior Track.   Apart from this  Rajesh is a mentor for Udacity Deep learning & Data Scientist Nanodegree for the past 2 and half years and has conducted ML & DL workshops in GE Healthcare
 A results-driven and self-motivated team player with demonstrated experience in data science and analytics. Passionate about solving business problems using data. Skills: Python  R  SQL  Git  AWS  Excel  Matlab  VBA  SAS
 December 16   I am an inquisitive  effective  and creative statistician and data scientist with extensive skills in broad areas like   1) Statistics and machine learning  including model building  linear/nonlinear regression  dimension reduction  prediction  hypothesis testing
   
  Experienced Graduate Research And Teaching Assistant at Texas A&M University with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Python  SAS  R  STATA and JASP. Strong research professional graduated from Sharif University of Technology.  
  A proven data scientist and machine learning engineer with highly cited papers. Google me! See references below!  One of my papers titled  Composition Attacks and Auxiliary Information in Data Privacy  has been cited by 340+ as per Google. Look here:  https://www.google.com/search?q=composition+attacks+and+auxiliary+information+in+data+privacy  It was published in the prestigious KDD (KnowledgeDiscoveryDataMining) conference.  Look here: https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=140

   Working at the intersection of economics and logistics as part of Instacart's Fulfillment Engineering team. Reach out to me if you are a data scientist  machine learning engineer  product manager or software engineer and you'd like to solve challenging and important problems with great colleagues!  
  Data enthusiast with strong analytical  technical  and communication skills. Proficient at problem solving  Data Visualization  Machine Learning  and collaborating with business partners to translate data into actionable insights.  

 Maths + Technology + Business + Problem solving  Passionate and avid learner with keen interest in predictive analytics  machine learning  statistics  and finance  A unique data sciences professional with experience ranging from working with pure play analytics firm to consulting firm to applied R & D division of an AI enabled product firm  For anyone interested to become a data scientist  I'd highly recommend following resources for the preparation: 1. Statistical learning foundation -  https://lagunita.stanford.edu/courses/HumanitiesSciences/StatLearning/Winter2016/info 2. Machine learning foundation - https://www.edx.org/course/learning-data-introductory-machine-caltechx-cs1156x-0 3. Advanced ML course - https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~ninamf/courses/601sp15/lectures.shtml (I am yet to finish this one)  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a passion for technical problem-solving. A tenacious  innovative thinker who has used Machine Learning and AI techniques to extract insights from data in the energy and financial sectors. Skilled in NLP  Deep Learning and Time Series Analysis. Pandas  numPy  Keras  nltk  spaCy  Gensim
   
 • Data scientist with 6 years of experience in using predictive methods and machine learning algorithms • Broad knowledge of Data Science including supervised and unsupervised predictive methods • Operation Research analyst with 8 years of experience in modeling and solving a variety of large-scale deterministic  stochastic and simulation-optimization problems • Broad knowledge of Operation Research including linear programming  integer programming  simulation-optimization  and stochastic programming  Technical Skills: • Programming Languages: Python  R including Shiny  MATLAB • Optimization Packages: Pyomo  GAMS  CPLEX
 

 I am a trained software developer  with a background in electrical engineering  turned data scientist at Health Axis Group  qualified by 6+ years of combine excellent research  analytical  engineering  and documentation qualifications with skills in programming  machine learning  statistics
  June 27   Just finished a master's degree in Economics from Madras School of Economics  Chennai. Currently  I am working as Data Scientist at Scienaptic. I have done a few projects related to Econometrics and Applied Econometrics in undergraduate and postgraduate. Done Statistical Analysis in Undergraduate on 'Empowerment of Muslim Women:A Case Study of Aligarh' .Hands on Python  SQL  STATA and Spreadsheet. I am passionate for Analytics and have keen to gather knowledge from different websites . Love to diversify knowledge and skills sets. Knows Basic German language and love to travel and like to do hiking and adventurous sports.  
 I make data speak! I have worn many hats throughout my career: 1) Data Scientist 2) Business Analyst/Product Analyst  and 3) Business Intelligence Engineer.   I enjoy being a data scientist for the mathematical rigor in modeling nebulous matters  Business/Product Analyst for structured curiosity and analytical problem solving  and Business Intelligence Engineer for the opportunity to build scalable analytics solutions empowering many others to make evidence-based decisions.   Depending on the task at hand  my daily dose of fun could be either data deep dives with SQL/Tableau/matplotlib  statistical model building with Python/R  or strategizing with domain experts to frame problems and design solutions. With a blend of these skills  I’m lucky to have worked with the most passionate and smartest people solving the hardest problems in product
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in tech. Skilled in using data to tell   a story and inform product strategy and initiatives.  

Data Scientist with a solid foundation in Statistics & Machine Learning  along with strong business acumen.  Technology skill set spans across •     Data analysis using Python  R   SAS  SQL and Excel •      Machine Learning and Natural language processing (NLP) using Python  R  •      Data Visualization - Tableau  D3  •      Software development - C++  JAVA
  

Experienced Data Scientist with good knowledge on Statistical Inference and Data mining techniques. Expert in Multiple regression  Classification techniques such as Decision tree and Random forest.  Strong coding skills.  
 
 A Full-Stack Data Scientist: - Programming: Python  R  Java  SQL  Git  Bash Scripting - Techniques: Machine Learning  Recommender Systems  Natural Language Processing  Time-Series and Forecasting
 February 4   I love writing code and blog.  I am passionate about improving the efficiency of business and quality of people's life with technology. I have been a blogger for over a decade. You are welcome to visit https://medium.com/@gloria.zxl  My specialties: • Data-driven marketing • Machine learning modeling and database management • Market entry and expansion strategy • Business development • Due diligence and M&A advisory • China Hightech and healthcare industry  


I am a Data Science Leader and a Data Strategist  and I take great pleasure in envisioning the future of Data Science and evangelizing it. I am particularly skilled in growing and managing early-stage data teams  and I am highly comfortable managing hybrid teams  including product managers  data scientists  data analysts and engineers across the board (Front-End  Backend  Systems
 Currently pursuing my Master's degree in Data Science from University at Buffalo NY. Aspiring to become a data scientist working in prediction algorithms as well as a python developer in analyst firms.  I am currently pursuing my Masters in Data Science at University at Buffalo (SUNY) with a GPA of 3.734/4 and will complete my course by December 2019 and will be graduating in February 2020. As a part of my curriculum  I worked on ‘Rossmann Store: Forecasting the Sales’ project  with an accuracy of 95%. Also worked on Twitter Sentiment Analysis  classified twitter data as of relevance of buying a mutual fund or irrelevance using a sentiment analysis technique.  Utilized regex  Python ntlk  textblob  and Word Cloud packages to understand and visualize the twitter data. Utilized stemming  n-gram  tf-IDF
 I made a career transition from a semiconductor engineer to a data scientist. It was a long and hard  but stimulating journey. With my physics background  at least I was not intimidated by statistics and linear algebra used in data science. Currently I am working as a data scientist and am still studying machine learning on my own.  
  

  A Data Scientist with a keen eye on global trends in economy  innovations and businesses. Love to work with data to drive forecasting  better predictions and create more value.  Key skills - R  Machine Learning  Tableau  SQL  Hadoop
  Jumping out of planes and going down bob-runs head first on nothing more than a tray may seem like a good way to injure yourself. I used to agree with you. However  what if I told you that by using analytics I learned that you’re more likely to break a bone by tripping over your shoelace than skydiving? Whether for personal choices or in a business context  insight from data can throw up some surprises. I help you to find and act on them.   


  I am passionate about harnessing the predictive as well as descriptive power of analytics. Generating insight from data  making it actionable and creating value is what drives me to bring people onto the analytics journey.  My collaborative  analytical and value driven approach has enabled me to solve business problems in diverse industries. Most of my experience is in financial services but I have applied analytics in areas such as sports  logistics and social media.  Specialities: Predictive & descriptive analytics  machine learning  data exploration
  During this global pandemic I’m holding daily I’m holding Data Science discussions. Method Data Science Discussions: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/method-data-science-discussions-beau-walker  Hire Me:  You can hire me and/or my team at Method Data Science on a per-project or retainer basis.   About Me:  I make companies faster  more efficient  and smarter with data science  machine learning  and AI.   I'm a consulting data scientist and inventor. I help individuals and companies become data science rock stars - to use data science to transform the way that they think  make decisions  and build products.  I have years of experience both doing and teaching data science. I'm a generalist: my experience includes AI / machine learning  business analytics
 Seasoned data scientist with experience in a wide variety of industries including energy  finance  and consumer tech. I optimize all the things utilizing machine learning  web development  scripting  data analysis  and whatever else it takes to get the job done.  
 India   July 16   ML Practitioner Machine Learning (Software) Engineer Principal Data Scientist AI Researcher CAIO AI Product Manager (Agile & AnalyticsOps/AIOps/MLOps AutoML) Software Engineer Competitive Programmer Kaggle Master ML Consultant A Member of HBR Ascend Select A PSF Contributing Member Participant of TensorFlow Research Cloud (TFRC) program F6S Alpha Founder Ethical Hacker Open Source OSS Developer YC SUS Certified  An AI Entrepreneur Founder CEO Managing Director AI Chief of DeepBrainz Technologies: A DPIIT/DIPP Recognized AI Technology Startup Company; DeepBrainz  An End-to-End Autonomous Enterprise AI Platform & AI-first SaaS + Edge IoT Platform for Everyone  An NVIDIA Inception Member  A Google Cloud Technology Partner  An APN Technology Partner  Building
 

  I am currently involved in predicting the potential failures in wind turbines using standard signal data in one of the leading wind energy company. I am responsible for predicting the failures in different failure modes using machine learning algorithms like Random Forest  Decision trees and logistic regression.  I am also pursuing Business Analytics and Intelligence in Indian Institute of Management Banglore.  My area of expertise includes Predictive analytics  Machine learning  MicroStrategy and Tableau BI tools  PL SQL  Java  Business Requirement analyst. I have completed all courses pertaining to MicroStrategy like MCD  MCE

years Design Experience.  70+ startups in the Bay Area  LA. UX  UI  Interaction  Visual  Motion  Brand  Illustration. etc. Founded several startups. First exit at 30. I been traveling the world for 20 years. I design and code.  I do 1-3 data projects every day for fun. I use algorithms  code
  Lior Gazit is a resourceful data scientist with a proven track record of researching and developing advanced algorithms and practical applications.   With a strong academic background and diversified work experience  he plans  leads  and executes projects through collaborations and clear-vision communication.  Lior is a Senior Data-Scientist and a supervisor in Applied Data Science  Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center  a world leader in cancer care  research  and education.   The Applied Data Science team is a driving force utilizing state-of-the-art analytical tools and algorithms.   He designs and carries innovational operations driven by predictive modeling and machine learning.  Through his work
 Business Intelligence and Analytics major Subjects: Data Warehouse SQL Big Data Marketing Analytics  Web Analytics  
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the financial services industry. Skilled in R  Python  deep learning  Tableau  Mongo DB  PL/SQL  and Java. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor's Degree focused in Computer Science from VTU. PFA my resume 
 Having earned an Applied Math & Economics Bachelors degree from Harvard  and a Masters in Data Science from Columbia  I enjoy bridging the quantitative and the qualitative worlds together  using technology and data science to translate numbers into real-life applications  to influence strategy  business practices and decision making in both the private sector and the public sphere. That's why I founded Datavima.   At Datavima  our goal is to leverage technology  in the form of Data Analysis (simple or sophisticated Machine Learning algorithms  as needed) and/or Product and Application Development to help clients generate insights from data
 Data Scientist and Analytics Professional with 3+ years of experience in machine learning  statistics  data mining  optimization  and programming: - Proven ability to extract raw data and translate them to valuable insights. - Highly skilled in examining  interpreting and reporting analytical results. - Enthusiastic about applying my expertise in analytics to solve challenging problems.  Data Science Skills: Data Collection  Data Cleaning  Data Exploration (Statistical Inference  Clustering
 

 I am passionate about driving business outcomes through advanced analytics.  By leveraging structured and unstructured data  I utilize machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to optimize supply chain  logistics  and operations processes and produce actionable insights. I believe in creating cohesive data stories through intuitive visualizations to aid in decision making  and am proficient at bridging communication and process facilitation between highly technical project experts and management or business end users.  I am particularly interested in applying my skills towards building innovative  optimized and automated systems to strategically impact life science  geopolitical  and social wellness issues.  


  Passionate and detail-oriented Data Scientist with 6+ years of experience in driving business growth by generating insightful recommendations using Statistics and Machine Learning across financial and e-commerce domains.   mathur_ankit  
 I am a Senior Machine Learning Engineer & Data Scientist with over 5 years experience in model development and cloud deployment. I have experience leading and building end-to-end Machine Learning solutions in production environments. My core technology stack includes python  pyspark  scala  spark ML  scikit-learn  docker  AWS and front-end implementations with flask and Dash. I have a broad technical skill set in Statistics and modeling techniques with a strong interest in time-series problems.  I am pursuing a Doctorate in Big Data Analytics from CTU and I currently hold a Masters in Data Science from SMU. I began my career as an Electrical Engineer with a B.S. in Engineering from Harvey Mudd College.   ElDataScientist  
 Yash is a Data Scientist II with Amazon  currently part of the AWS AI ML Solutions Lab. In this capacity  he works with customers to help them leverage applied ML science for novel applications.  Here  Yash uses statistical models  machine learning techniques and deep learning architectures (using AWS services and modeling languages including Python  R  Scala) to prototype new solutions in NLP  Recommender Systems and Supply Chain domains. Yash blends his background in User Behavior (Human Factors)  Product Development (Wearable Devices) and Statistics to meet these objectives.  He is always interested in conversations related to Wearable Devices
  
  I am a Quantitative Researcher with experience in academia and the software industry. Skilled in statistical modeling of natural resources (agriculture and fisheries)  weather  and ocean variability. I'm a competent programmer  people manager  and I have been awarded for innovative methods in geostatistics and time series.  


Hi  I am Mehul Zawar. I graduated from Purdue University with Master of Science in Business Analytics and Information Management. I have learned advance topics in Data Mining and Predictive Analytics and their use in Business.  Some skills that I believe differentiate me from other candidates are thorough understanding of business processes  result-driven actions  and distilling complex analysis into concise business-focused takeaways.  Over the past 7 years  I have worked with companies like PricewaterhouseCoopers  Aegis Limited and Bosch & Siemens where I have worked on creating strategic business plans  forecasting demand  modeling marketing campaigns and improving operational processes by studying data and using various statistical analysis to uncover patterns and trends. It is my superpower and something that I am really passionate about.  At Purdue
  Biostatistician and data scientist with 17+ years in public health and clinical trials. In my free time  I develop causal inference methods for personalized digital health using wearable-device or app data in single-case / n-of-1 studies.  www.ericjdaza.com www.statsof1.org #blacklivesmatter  --- be kind to yourself and others | stay home/6ft+ apart | scrub hands 20sec+ | www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prepare/prevention.html | freedom = health + jobs   ericjdaza  
  I enjoy the challenge of solving complex and impactful problems  mining data and using mathematical methods to solve them. I enjoy collaborating with team members from different backgrounds  learning new topics  being exposed to different insights  and gaining new skills along the way.  
  D Dharmendra has around 8+ years of experience in the field of analytics(Data warehousing  Business Intelligence and Big data)  and advanced analytics( Data Science) using R and Python with a wide range of customers/clients across the globe which includes USA  UK and India.  -Proven experience in  implementing advanced analytics approaches including statistical modelling  machine learning principles etc. to answer business questions & drive actionable insights using R and Python. -Experience and knowledge in statistical and machine learning techniques: Linear/logistic regression          Decision tree  Random forest  GBM
  ▪ Innovative  cooperative and detail-oriented professional with 3+ years of work experience in Data Science and Data Analytics.   ▪ Proficient in cleaning  transforming  analysing and modelling enormous data sets to determine patterns and trends of   attributes  to extract the conclusion and support the decision making process of an organisation   ▪ Expertise in Hypothesis Testing ( AB testing)  Regression Analysis (Univariate  Multivariate and Logistic)  RFM Analysis
  May 18   Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the telecommunications industry. Skilled in Python  Probability Theory  Microsoft Excel  Statistical Modeling  and Statistical Inference. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (MSc) focused in Statistics from University of Mysore.  
  I am a biomedical engineer developing algorithms for optical sensors.  I worked as a researcher at the Beckman Laser Institute  designing programs to assess physiological signals for peripheral arterial disease (PAD) and breast cancer. After doing consulting work in the medical software industry post-graduation  I am working on my master's at Georgia Tech (computer science) to pursue future R&D work (machine learning).  Specialties: - Python (TensorFlow  Keras) - MatLab - LabView - SolidWorks  For resume details  please contact me at hoangpa@uci.edu.  
  An experienced data scientist hands on experience in interpreting and analyzing data through ML  Statistical techniques and deriving meaningful insights to implement solutions in a fast-paced environment.  
  I have over 15 years experience in the intersection between behavioral health and predictive analytics. I've worked for major companies like IBM and Microsoft and their clients. I have had extensive experience in corporate and government verticals.  My particular strength is in taking qualitative research or business problems and turning those into repeatable quantitative solutions that deploy at larger scale. I also employ soft skills and systematic methodologies to gain consensus.  ​ I utilize a process to determine the business problem  quantify it  determine the data systems that are pertinent   the quality of the data that is there  and to diagnose how long the modeling stage would take   dawnmdaras  
 January 11   Senior Data Scientist with 10+ years experience in image processing  data analysis  data mining  statistical modeling  machine learning  algorithms  grid computing and software development  
  
   
  Data Scientist Control Systems Engineer Physicist  
   
  Software engineer in San Francisco trained in Computational Physics. Passions include deep-learning  distributed-system architecture  and hammocks.  
  Pursuing Master of Information System Management degree at Heinz College  Carnegie Mellon University.  Expected graduation date: May 2019. With great passion about data  I am willing to unveil its value in the designated business scope.   My Skills: Programming: Python  Java  SQL  R  Tools: Tableau  Weka
  Skilled in R  Tableau  Python and Java. Strong business development professional with a BS in Statistics from University of California  Los Angeles. Huge fan of machine learning and Big Data. Pursuing a Master degree in Information System  concentrate in Business Intelligence and Data Science from Carnegie Mellon University.  
  Data Scientist | Automotive | Finance | Algorithmic Trading |  
 Maine    
  

  I am a Purdue grad with a degree in Mechanical Engineering and Statistics. I worked in the Predictive Science Lab with the research focus on applying various Machine Learning/Deep Learning algorithms on real-world engineering problems. I am most proficient in supervised Machine Learning and Deep Learning and prefer to work in a fast-paced  hands-on and collaborative environment.   My love for ML began two years back when I tried to find out the reasoning behind the name 'Neural Networks'. What started as a small inquisitiveness became my passion and I did not look back since then. I have projects/experience covering various aspects of the Data cycle including Data Mining. Web Scraping  Visualization  etc to build models like Recommender Systems  ChatBots  using Deep Learning  NLP  etc.   Equipped with a broad range of skills necessary for my career in ML/Data Science
  As a business-minded Data Scientist  my interest is in applying machine [deep] learning algorithms for solving complex problems in various finance topics such as fraud detection  money-laundering detection  credit risk modeling  forensic accounting  applying NLP in auditing  compliance and news signals detection
 Experienced Graduate Research Assistant with a demonstrated history of working in the software engineering industry. Skilled in data science  python  machine learning  software development. Strong research professional with a Master of Science - MS focused in Machine Learning from University at Buffalo and 3 years of work experience.  Skills : Python| SQL | R | Pandas | Numpy| Jupyter | Scikit-Learn | Matplotlib | Seaborn | Plotly | Keras |Tensorflow | AWS | Tableau | PySpark | Data extraction | Data cleaning | Data exploration | Data analysis | Data Visualization | Prediction | Forecast | Classification | Statistical analysis | Statistical tests-  Z test  T test  F test  ANOVA | Hypothesis testing | Time-series analysis | Experimental Design(A/B testing) | Dimensionality reduction | Over-Under sampling | Bayesian and descriptive statistics | Customer segmentation | Market-basket analysis| Recommendation Engine with implicit and explicit feedback| Linear Regression |Logistic Regression | Unsupervised ML | Feature Engineering |Tree based ML models- Decision Trees  Random Forest| Ensemble ML models- XGBoost | Deep learning- CNN  Neural Network
 Years of Experience: 1.5 Aptitudes: Python  Sklearn  Pandas/Numpy  Machine Learning  Cloud Computing  Statistics Industries: Finance  Fintech  Real Estate  Edtech  I'm a data scientist. My training includes a 3-month immersive course at Galvanize wherein I developed proficiency in python
  Highly competitive  self driven and ready to go to any extent to get things done.   Self Taught Data Scientist with 3 years of experience in R Python SQL  Descriptive and Predictive Analysis AI/ML Model Building (Regression Classification
  Experience in product and marketing analytics  targeting  segmentation  predictive modeling and recommendation system. Profound academic and professional knowledge in the field of analytics and data science.   Specialist: -- Technical: Machine learning (GLM  Random Forest  Gradient/Ada Boosting  SVM
  Well Experienced Data Analytics and have mastered business Analytics workflow skilled in python programming and worked in various challenging machine learning and deep learning problems and also have best knowledge and experience about  AWS NLP SQL server SSIS and Tableau  


  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the management consulting industry. Skilled in Python  Machine Learning  Data Analysis  SQL and Java  Worked with startups and Big 4 consulting companies to solve their business problems and drive data-driven decision making.  
 Leveraging machine learning to help customers manage their costs on AWS  
  Data scientist with 2+ years experience skilled in R  Python  and SQL. I bring a deep understanding and knowledge of statistical methods and am actively engaged in projects that use data to drive business value.  I have a passion to grow.  
  Three adjectives that best describe me are - inquisitive  perseverant and an effective communicator.  I am a strongly driven by Einstein's words  If you can't explain it to a six year old  you haven't understood it well enough   My skills and interests include - python  SQL  scikit learn  keras  Tensorflow  predictive modeling
  Data Professional with Research and Development experience in Natural Language Processing  Machine Learning and Statistical Analysis  driving projects end to end from problem definition  data collection  model training and deployment to production.  Interest Areas: Machine Learning  Natural Language Processing  Deep learning  Experimentation
  I studied Applied Mathematics and Computer Science at the Colorado School of Mines  and Physics at University of Colorado. I am proficient in R  python and SQL. At Clickfox  in the role of Data Scientist I contributed to project design  analytic modeling  and presentations for client engagements. I Used CART and ensemble methods  boosting and bagging
  Data Scientist with a background in physics & math and over 10 years experience in finance & mobile commerce  leveraging data to pilot investment decisions  influence customer adoption  reduce costs  drive profits  and improve process efficiency.  • Skilled with Python  SQL  Tableau
   
 - 10 years of data analysis experience (6 years in industry (data analyst) and 4+ years in academia (Ph.D.)) -  4 years of research data-science experience (Python  SQL  matplotlib  NumPy  Pandas  scikit-learn library)  I am a data science/machine learning enthusiast.  I am open to leverage machine-learning techniques to solve complex business problems using my professional problem-solving experience as an engineer and complex research problem-solving experience as a Ph.D. student and business operations experience as an entrepreneur at a startup.  I have over six years of Network performance data processing and Analytics in the wireless communication and internet software domain where I have used and processed large scale network performance data to solve domain-specific business problems. I also have over four years of data science research experience where I have used machine learning and deep learning models to solve complex non-linear research problems in smart grids.  I love to Leverage machine learning  deep learning  and AI to solve complex business problems and learn new problem-solving techniques from various online resources.   I have the following skills related to tackling data science problems. Programming: Python  SQL
 Data Scientist with theoretical math and software engineering background.  
 I am an experienced Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer. My daily work revolves around exploiting and researching Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning use cases for problem at hand  building predictive models and development of production grade software and machine learning systems. I have experience building predictive models to detect fraud  provide recommendations and classifying risk. I also have more than 3 years of experience in the industry as a Backend Software Engineer building scalable applications  Service Oriented Architecture and RESTful services handling more than 1000 transactions per second for mobile apps with over 450 000+ downloads and web applications with more than a million user-base.  Key Skills:  Data Science and Machine Learning: Linear Regression  Logistic Regression  Decision Trees  Random Forest  Ensemble Learning
 •	Proficient in handling SQL statements and performing data analysis using various analytic tools like Python  PySpark  Tableau  AWS and R. •	Experienced in large and complex data extraction  cleaning and manipulation.  •	Experience in text data extraction  Web scarping  Tokenization  Stemming  Lemmatization and other NLP operations. •	Performed advanced dashboards and visualizations using Tableau Desktop/ Flask deployment on AWS EBS to easily interpret the data. •	Experienced in building predictive models
 My pathway so far has been: psychology -> neural networks -> programming -> math -> artificial intelligence. Let's chat about something interesting!  
  
  Manisha Vyas has MS in Information Management from University of Washington  Seattle with specialization in Business Intelligence and Data Sciences.   She has interned with PointB Management Consulting as a Business Intelligence Engineer and actively worked on various stages of data warehouse development and business intelligence reporting.   She has also worked with Technology and Social Change group at University of Washington in capacity of a Research Assistant to develop 'Development and Access to Information (DA2i)' dashboard for monitoring the progress of various countries towards achieving United Nation's 2030 Sustainable Development Goals.  She has over 4 years of experience in designing and implementing risk solutions at Deloitte’s Cyber Risk practice. She was part of the Information & Technology Risk Management (ITRM) group with key focus on Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) domain.   Certifications: RSA Archer Certified Administrator and ISO 27001:2005 Lead Implementer  
 September 21   Actively job searching for Data Scientist/Analyst positions.   Most recently  I was a data scientist (contractor) working remotely for a NY-based startup  Saturn Cloud. I focused on demonstrating value/time saved from leveraging Saturn's distributed computing platform  using technologies like distributed Dask  GPUs  and Prefect. You can reference my Github or Medium below to see the Jupyter Notebooks and articles I produced while at Saturn. I was a technical support on sales calls  and regularly interfaced with engineering in testing new features and creating documentation for product releases.   My work experience includes Business Development at a seed fund in Hong Kong  Product Design at a small company in Portugal
  I am a senior data scientist with experience in several different facets of machine learning  deep learning  human factors engineering  and AI Ethics. I particularly enjoy working with stakeholders to determine what type of algorithmic system or insights may be most valuable to them and then determining the most intuitive manner to accomplish these goals. To support this goal  I have a strong knowledge of a multitude of algorithms  Python  Spark  as well as SQL. In addition
 I have over a decade of experience in using data science to solve business problems. I've lead data science  machine learning  and AI projects at Microsoft  Adobe  Airbnb  and T-Mobile  and have helped build data science teams from scratch.  
  Machine Learning enthusiast   working as Data Scientist in WalmartLabs Bangalore.Skilled in python  R  Natural Language Processing (NLP)   Deep Learning  and Machine Learning. Strong mathematical background with a Master of Science (MSc) in Mathematics And Scientific Computing from Indian Institute of Technology  Kanpur. 
  Ph.D. mathematician with a passion for solving complex problems and delivering product that outperform customer expectations.  Effective communicator of technical and business information  honed by many years of leading separate teams of data scientists  engineers  researchers  and product managers  energizing employees in the vision of the company.   A founding member of Ayasdi with a roll-up-the-sleeves attitude to bring about company’s mission while continuously engaging customers and delivering successful product.  Currently leading Product and Innovation where I am responsible for the entire Ayasdi Platform and my team successfully defined  built  and launched a cloud-based automated data analysis application.  Speaker and thought leader of data discovery and unsupervised analysis 
 I am enthusiastic about devising innovative solutions to challenging business problems leveraging data science techniques. Through my experience with Mastercard in customer  financial & business analytics  I have become passionate about creating impact through data driven solutions.   My expertise lies in Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics. Skills: Hadoop (Hive  Pyspark)  SAS  R  Python  SQL  Julia 
  Passionate about building neural networks and applying it to solve large-scale NLP problems involving text analysis  language modeling  speech recognition  and machine translation. Skills: Languages: Python  Java  C++  SQL
  
  My work focuses on designing scalable algorithms for the analysis of large social and information networks  and recommender systems.  Specialties: Social Network Data Management and Analysis   purpleinca  
  Software Engineer with 4 + years of IT industry experience with 3 + year of experience in data science. Skilled in artificial intelligence  machine learning  statistics  problem solving and programming.  
  Flectere si nequeo superos  Acheronta movebo.   a Latin quote which translates to -  If I can not bend the will of Heaven  I shall move Hell  is my view towards life.   Curious  self - driven individual with strong statistical  analytical and programming skills  and a keen interest in making sense of structured & unstructured data.   Technical Details -    Data Analysis - Linear & Logistic Regression  K-Mean & Hierarchical Clustering  Decision Trees
  I am a Data Scientist with profound interest in playing with data. I try to amalgamate technologies to produce optimised and valuable results. While teaching through  I was spellbound by the field of Data Science and realised this is what I desired to do in my life.  
 I have a passion for telling stories through data  for building tools  for creating custom interactive visualizations  and for learning new concepts. I believe big data needn't be impersonal; instead  analyzing it should provide a means to discover microcosmic trends and nuances as they pertain to individuals. I'm particularly fascinated with tech as it applies to the spheres of music  advertising  history  language  and health
  Experienced self motivated engineer with a demonstrated history of working on the cross roads of Cyber Security and Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning.  
  I love combining big picture strategy with data-driven analysis to tell stories and influence decisions  whether it's through investing  strategy or data science.  
  Recent graduate in Business Analytics and Project Management from The University of Connecticut. I have a background in problem-solving using statistical analysis  machine learning  and ETL. With over 3 years of work experience as an ETL developer at Accenture I have more recently transitioned into the role of a data scientist during my internship at Charter Communications.   I am experienced at analyzing large datasets using SQL  R  Python and ETL tools and coming up with significant insights. In addition  I  am adept at communicating technical concepts to non-technical or business-oriented audiences.  If you would like to discuss my qualifications  please contact me at sanmitra.bhattacharya@uconn.edu  
 India   A self motivated data scientist  and a software developer  pocessing an extensive analytical skills  strong attention to detail  and a significant ability to work in team environment. An enthusiastic who has a knack of mathematics  statistics and sports. Very skilled in problem solving
 •	Strong background in statistical modeling  machine learning  time series  predictive modeling ect •	Proficiency with Python  R  Matlab (6+ years) •	Experience with Scala  Java  Spark  relational databases such as SQL  •	Apply statistical model
  Data Scientist @ Hohonu  an early-stage startup dedicated to providing accurate tidal forecasts at a hyper-local scale. Passionate about the future of IoT and on device intelligence.   msarmi9  
 Seasoned Data Scientist with demonstrated history of working in Tech for Data Science & Analytics focusing on Health & Wellness and Retail areas like Pharmacy  Vision  Assortment  Store Operations. Skilled in Application & Tool development  Data & Analytics to deliver key insights and Building models using Natural Language Understanding  Deep Learning  Machine Learning & Statistical Modelling for achieving business objectives. Strong Research Professional with a 5 Year Integrated Master's Degree in Economics from IIT Kanpur.  
  Computer Vision and Artificial Intelligence software engineer with professional experience in designing and implementing E2E ML Pipelines and Infrastructure. My open source Machine Learning and Computer Vision projects on GitHub are avail here: https://github.com/joehoeller  
  Experienced Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry and government analysis sector.   Skilled in Economic Policy Evaluation  Data Science  Game Theory  Technological Innovation  Process Improvement  Educational Assessment  Faculty Recruitment  Academic Retention
   
  Computer Science enthusiast  post graduated from IIT Kharagpur  passionate for data science and a python lover  I have grabbed a good hand on experience on various ML algorithms   tools and packages.   My recent work revolve around building models out of text by using neural network/deep learning techniques which is realm in machine learning era.   You will find me on various dataset challenge platforms like kaggle  AnalyticsVidhya and DataDriven developing solutions for real-time data.  
  Building products to power FMP for Agencies program. Check it out here: https://www.facebook.com/business/agencies  
  I believe data driven decision making is key to an organization's success. I am an experienced data analyst and analytics solution design consultant having helped Fortune 500 companies make sense of their data. I am a quick learner and love to brainstorm on innovative ways for problem solving.  I am currently a graduate student at the University of Cincinnati for MS in Business Analytics where I aim to expedite my learning curve and build my analytical prowess.  
 There is something truly fulfilling about using technology to help people. And that's what I do.   shubhankar_jain  
 October 24    
 An engineer by training  I apply quantitative analysis and modeling to deliver product and business insights  and am generally interested in the intersection of data  risk  and design. Skills: Analytics  Machine Learning  Statistics  R  Python
  May 16   Data Scientist and AI enthusiast excited about building classification models  engineering features  pattern identification algorithms  text mining  creating visualizations and automating the analytics process.   I am passionate about solving real-world problems leveraging my skills with data analysis  algorithms  statistics
  
 Find me on twitter: twitter.com/ro_hit_  
  Data Scientist working at the intersection of machine learning  language  law and policy.  
  October 19   IIT Guwahati graduated Data Scientist specializing in the field of Recommendation Systems with 2+ years experience  I enjoy and thrive in the phase of Zero to One: Successfully setup a Feed Personalization Engine from scratch for Glance - a screen zero content discovery platform with over 100Mn DAU. Currently working on more nuanced problems like serving Deep Learning based model predictions in real time  Recommendation for Cold users  Explore-Exploit framework and Diversity in recommendation.  Impact driven - both social and financial  always enthusiastic about working on ideas that aim to achieve social benefit. Love reading books on Philosophy  Anthropology and History in the free time I find after playing with my dog.  
  Looking forward to leverage data analytical skills to improve corporate performance as a Data Scientist.  
   
  I am interested in building solutions to everyday problems. While my core expertise lies in traditional data science skills  I've worked on projects that called for multidisciplinary approaches and that afforded me exposure to solution architecture and engineering.  Prior to my forays into data science  I was a graduate student in Physics  modelling and simulating biomolecular systems using molecular dynamics. My thesis was on sampling and modelling algorithms to extract molecular behavior that cannot be accessed by brute-force simulation alone.  
  Masters in Computer Science from IIT DHANBAD.  Passionate about Research  Coding and Problem Solving & I love to take up challenging jobs. Research Areas: Data Science  Machine Learning  Information Security  Computer Vision.  
 - Data scientist with 8 years’ experience in the Data Science/Advanced analytics domain - Hands on work experience in complex projects like building recommendation systems  vehicle routing and  pricing systems - Proficient in SQL Python PySpark SAS R   - Experienced in Machine Learning techniques like clustering  regression  decision trees  random forest and collaborative filtering.  - B.E. in Electronics Engineering from VIIT Pune
 I have over 5 years of experience working in data science. Currently  I work as Warner Bro's Senior Data Scientist  improving products and services for our customers by using advanced analytics  standing up big-data analytical tools  creating and maintaining models  and on-boarding compelling new data sets.  Previously  I was a Data Analyst at Universal  where I analyzed data from some of the biggest enterprise companies in the world to educate the market on long-term internet trends.  
 Received prestigious  Special Award  for contributing to Microsoft's success via critical impact to WDG. (February  2017)  Nominated as a  HiPo   Microsoft's prestigious internal training program for High Potential individuals to enable accelerated career growth (~0.3% from across the company are nominated).  Received  2015 Data Driven Award ​ at Microsoft. (June  2015)  Received Microsoft's  OEM Made the Difference Award   for contribution towards device market analyses and forecast. (March  2014)  Interested in analyzing large datasets  forecasting  mathematical/statistical modelling  economic theory as well as statistical/econometric modeling to understand consumer behavior.   Skills include MATLAB  STATA
  I am a passionate data evangelist who believes in creating strategy and informing decisions that are rooted in business acumen  thoughtful research  and data analyses. Understanding your users is imperative in today's market and being hands-on through the entire data process not only creates that understanding  but also allows you to see the limitations of your data and where the next opportunity lies.  Specialties: Analyzing large and complex datasets  training and deploying predictive models  building automated data pipelines  big data insights  creating a personalized user experience rooted in data
  
  Data Scientist at Chief Analytics Office  which is internal AI Center of Excellence at IBM. I am utilizing cutting edge technology to drive IBM's transformation such as NLP  Machine learning  Deep Learning and many other sophisticated analytics tools..  Master student of Operation Research program at Columbia University  with an undergraduate degree in Mathematics and Finance. Passionate about quantitative analysis and making all things possible. Creative innovator and problem-solver  eager to thrive by exploring opportunities and can learn quickly in the Company environment which fosters a culture of communication  team and hard work.   Strong quantitative skills in machine learning  NLP
 Self-starter | Go-getter | Effective Communicator  Specialties: - Data Mining and Machine Learning - Quantitative analysis and quantitative finance - Statistical models and clinical trials - Risk management modeling using VaR and Monte Carlo Simulation  Currently seeking full time data science/analyst opportunity.  
  Data science executive using my skills to help others. Combining rigorous science with human empathy.   Kindness | Creativity | Action.  
   
  September 29   6+ years of experience in growth and product data analytics. Strategic thinker and impact driven. Built the data strategy for the first business online lending product in AMEX from the incubation stage to global-wide sustainable growth. Developed the company-wide adopted customer data platform in Groupon and drove lifecycle strategy across all business units. Built the metrics and reporting system in the Airbnb growth team. Hands-on experience on driving growth through Email  Push  Phone  Direct mail  Referral  in Finance and tech industry.   Specialties: Story telling with data visualization  Metrics Framework
 Well rounded data scientist skilled in data preprocessing  data wrangling  statistical analysis  mathematics  machine learning and Python and R scripting. Strong communication skills and ability to simplify concepts derived from experience as an instructor.   Leverage methods from machine learning  deep learning  statistical modelling to gain insights to drive decision processes for business applications.   Experience: Big Data: Hadoop  Mapreduce  Spark Machine Learning: Supervised Learning (Linear and Multiple Regression
  December 22   I am an experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of developing complex artificial intelligence solutions at top corporates and startups alike. Highly skilled in Deep Learning  Machine Learning and Computer Vision  Natural Language Processing  I am a technology enthusiast who is passionate about delivering value powered by technology.  I am also an active contributor in the AI community through regular mentorship and participation. I have presented  volunteered and been a delegate at various conferences centered around AI and Computing such as Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing (GHCI)  Emerging Worlds: Innovating for the Billions  MIT Media Labs Initiative.I am the recipient of Annual Excellence Award from IIT Roorkee in recognition of achievements during Bachelors. I hold two publications in reputed international conferences
 Data Science | Python | Signal Processing  
  Graduated with a Master’s degree in CS from NJIT specializing in the field of Data Science & analytics. 3 plus years of industry experience including a couple of internships in the field of Data Science/ Analytics. Experience of quantitative and qualitative research /Primary and Secondary research. Exceptional strategist analyzing trends and forecasting sales to develop long-term strategies  key objectives  and operations execution plans based on business best practices as well as maximum growth and profitability. Experience in managing and maintaining MS project plans  status/dashboards on multiple large Projects. Ability to work well with numbers and analyze complex data. Extensive experience in Data Processing and Data Analysis and Report Writing. Hands on experience with object-oriented design & technologies  relational databases and web technologies. Thorough understanding of various Cloud concepts with a certificate course in Cloud Computing. Understanding of Big data applications and familiar with technologies such as Pig Latin  Dryad & Dryad LINQ. Comprehensive experience in C  C++  Java
  January 27   Gagan Preet Singh is currently Senior Financial Analyst with the Finance Innovation Office at Hewlett Packard Inc. Prior to this  he worked with Tavant Technologies  a provider of digital software products and platforms  and associated consulting services from April 2018 to January 2019. From July 2015 to February 2018  Mr. Singh worked as a Lead Data Scientict at HARMAN Connected Services  a technologies company leader in Cloud  Mobile
 India   May 1   Engineer-Across-Streams. I have worked on various industry  university and self projects involving multi-disciplines: Electronics  Electrical  Mechanical  Comp. Sci.  Physics
 • 5+ years in applied data science and machine learning.       • 10+ years in scripting and scientific programming.      • Continuous record of driving end-to-end complex data-driven projects.  
  May 18   An inquisitive learner  data geek  cook and student at UConn – These are the few features that define me.  As a MS student in Business Analytics at UConn  I am fascinated about Data and Machine Learning. Having an undergraduate degree in CSE  I possess solid statistics and quantitative skiils with strong foundation in computing.  Prior to joining my masters program  I have worked as Data Analyst at COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS.  I worked on ETL Tool - Pentaho for Cognizant Application Services Team  where we encapsulated the life cycle of New hires in a dashboard containing all the matrices which helped the senior management to drive business decisions for the organization.    In depth knowledge of R Programming  SQL 
  
  
  I've gathered a unique set of experiences from working at a Translational Neural engineering Lab  to working for the Millenium Villages Project at Columbia University  to working with epileptic patients at  Neurology Department at the NYU Langone Medical Center  and now as a Data Scientist at SparkBeyond.     At the neural engineering lab I worked in a collaborative effort to design a method to deliver safe and effective non-invasive electrical stimulation as a treatment option for various neurological disorders/conditions (patented)  For the Millennium Villages Project at Columbia University  I designed a mobile tool to predict the medical and social cause of death of individuals in rural communities  to analyze where the gaps lie within the MVP proposed primary health care model. The tool was launched in 11 villages across East and West Africa.   At the NYU Langone Medical Center  I managed research activities on the epilepsy unit. I interacted with epileptic patients implanted with Intracranial EEG  on a daily basis
 Passionate data scientist with a demonstrated history of teaching and building predictive models. Skilled in R  Python  and SAS. Excited to be working for a company that is making automated machine learning accessible to everyone  regardless of background. Interested in data science projects involving social good  sports analytics  and anything that drives real business value.  
  September 1   Podcast Host - GuestOfHonour anchor.fm/guestofhonor Passionate about innovation in healthcare. Ranking  Recommendations  Personalization for Shopping and Commerce Relevance in Microsoft.  Checkout bing.com/shop   nimisharath  
   EvaFengEva  
 November 23   I currently work as a Data Scientist in Domino's Digital Analytics team and partner closely with Engineering and Marketing design team to influence product strategy  conduct experimentation and iterate on UX ideas to help make data-driven decisions. Over 5 years of experience in SQL & Data Analysis working with large data sets.   Tools : Python/SQL/Hadoop/Power BI/Adobe Analytics/Excel on a daily basis for data analysis.   vaishaliogoti  
 I am a Data Scientist at Scanbuy with MS in Business Analytics and Project Management (MSBAPM) from University of Connecticut.  Previously  I worked with LIMRA as an insurance consultant to study the life insurance customer behavior and predict potential customers. Before that I worked as a Data Analyst in Infosys Ltd for 2.6 years  mainly on forecasting  predictive modeling and dashboarding.   Email: nandini.npati@gmail.com  
   
  

  Analytics professional with 5 years of experience working with clients across CPG  Pharma Retail & Insurance. Ambitious  dedicated and enthusiastic aspiring professional  willing to shoulder responsibility with zeal to learn and a passion to succeed.  
   
  Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the internet industry. Skilled in Data Science and Predictive Modeling. Strong engineering professional with a Master of Science (M.S.) focused in Industrial Engineering (Data Analytics) from Texas A&M University.  
 - Dual-Title Ph.D. in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research with a minor in Computational Science. - Strong technical background in Data Mining  Data Visualization  Machine Learning  Statistical Analysis  and Mathematical Optimization Modeling. - Adaptive  collaborative with excellent strategic thinking and communication skills.  
  I am passionate about improving decisions using Statistics - Data Science. Both these areas tremendously excite me and I constantly endeavor to enhance my understanding of these.  I have 8 years experience as data scientist ( HSBC  Mu Sigma Inc.)  solving a wide array of business problems in marketing  product analytics  insurance claims operations and financial crime risk space  
 ★ Experienced Data & Applied Scientist  with a passion to develop Stats/ML models which contributes to the growth of the product. ★ Skilled in Machine Learning  Data Mining  Data Optimization and Decision Modelling  Data visualisation  Statistical Inference  Regression Modelling and Techinques. Knowledge of Recommendation systems Text Mining  Social Network Analysis ★ Programming skills:  R  Python
  Data Scientist with 10+ years of experience in leading ongoing and ad-hoc analyses  leveraging applied statistics  predictive analytics  experimentation  and mining customer behavioral and attitudinal data to provide business and product leaders with actionable insights at both strategic and tactical levels.  Well versed in SQL  familiar with SAS  Python  and R
  I lead a team of data scientists and machine learning scientists to build features  models and systems for online ad recommendations for the Bing search engine. I used to conduct research on inverse problems  estimation  statistical machine learning and distributed numerical optimization for deep learning domains.  
 Experienced Data Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the tech industry. Skilled in Data Mining  Business Intelligence  and Product Management. Strong research professional with a Master's degree focused in Engineering Management (Analytics) from Northwestern University and Bachelor's in Technology from IIT Bombay.  
  Experienced Scientist with a demonstrated history of working in the higher education industry. Skilled in Microsoft Excel  Life Sciences  Data Analysis  and Linux System Administration. Strong analytical professional with a Certification focused in Statistics from University of Illinois at Chicago.  
 Hari Prakash is a Decision Scientist at PayPal  currently working with the PayPal Global Collections Strategy team. He has previously worked with the PayPal Working Capital developing Credit Risk Strategies  focusing both on growth and risk mitigation. He graduated with an MS in Operations Research from the University of Texas at Austin with a focus in the areas of Applied Statistics and Data science and also has a Dual Degree in Engineering Design from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT)  Madras.   yogyaprakash  
 Extensive experience and knowledge in big data  data science  statistics  data mining  statistical analysis and modeling  data visualization and dash-boarding  and optimization...  Ability to identify key insights from data Collaborative team member  Self-motivated  Passionate problem solver
 Storyteller operating at the crossroads between technology and business through data science and analytics.  Babson Alum. Previous experience in developing business intelligence tools in the aviation industry and advancing entrepreneurial tech. initiatives in Singapore and Hong Kong. Currently designing forward-thinking networks across all businesses at The Walt Disney Company using the power of machine learning. Driven to accelerate efficiency and social engagement.  Beyond my work  I am passionate about development economics  diversity and inclusion initiatives  and the arts.  Connect with me @ daphnecheung2@gmail.com!  
 Leader of machine learning projects focused on prediction and geospatial data analysis using Spark on AWS. Familiar with regression  time series  SVM and neural network models. Proficient in API querying and scrapping open source data using Python. Also experienced in R  SQL and SPSS.  
  Kaggle Competition Expert and Data Scientist with 4.5 years of experience in turning structured/un-structured data into actionable insights to make better data–driven decisions.  Good experience in implementing Machine Learning and Deep Learning models.  Skills - Machine Learning  Data Science  Deep Learning  Data Analytics Hands on - CNN (Convolutional Neural Networks)  Computer Vision  Natural Language Processing (NLP)  Keras
 Data scientist with a background in real estate and finance. Currently working on a project to predict Airbnb prices through statistical analysis (regression  decision trees) and natural language processing (sentiment analysis  topic modelling) on webscraped data.   Before this  I spent 2 years at The Ascott  developing its scale through platform investments  management agreements/leases (~USD 500m property value) and strategic joint venture partnerships. Regions covered include Singapore  China  Vietnam  Malaysia and Thailand. Asset classes covered include serviced apartments
  I am a Data Scientist with BCG Gamma based in New York City  focused on delivering high-value advanced analytics and AI consulting services to clients. Previously  I graduated from the Data Science Institute at Columbia University in New York. I am driven by machine learning and data science applications in business. I have an affection for automation and process optimization.  I am an alumnus of the Indian Institute of Technology  Bombay and I graduated in 2015 with majors in Chemical Engineering and minors in Systems and Controls Engineering.   1gauravsingh1  
  Lifetime Learner.🤖💄 DM for Digital Transformation  AI Strategy and Data-Driven Decision Making. Experienced Data Scientist📊in Product  Operations  Sales & Marketing. Growth🚀- Product & Services Digital Marketing📈- Content  CRM  Paid  SEO Strategy  
  Specialties:  - Data Mining  Big Data  Machine Learning - R  Python scikit - Random Forest  Boosted Trees  Support Vector Machine  Logistic Regression    Naïve Bayes
  Rich experience in delivering end-to-end machine learning solutions - 1. Business problem framing 2. Data prep 3. ML/Time Series algorithm development  validation  and business impact analysis 4. Model deployment  5. Model monitoring and management 6. AI Governance and Ethics  Domain Knowledge : Quantitative Trading  Portfolio Management  Risk Modeling  Financial Technology  Time Series Modeling
 Author of  Data Science in Production : https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B083H2YWP4  I am a seasoned data scientist in the central data organization at Zynga and have a diverse experience across game publishers and startups  with a focus on building impactful data products.   bgweber  
  January 16   I'm a data scientist and leader at Wipro with a mission to democratize Decision Intelligence and safe  reliable AI. I bring a unique combination of deep technical expertise   analytics management experience  and ability to lead organizational change. I've provided guidance on more than 20 projects and I have a Experiences more than 3+ years in domain BFSI  Manufacturing and Retail .Driving businesses with data driven automated model with end to end deployment at api level. Worked on image analytics with deep learning.   Primary skills  : data science  python  cloud Technology  (AWS & Microsoft Azure)
   
  - Experienced data analyst with deep knowledge of finance and statistics  statistical analysis  and enterprise risk analysis. Experience with numerical analysis packages and scripting languages. Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Senior Member.  - In-depth project work in big data predictive analysis including: relational data mining  neural network  nearest k-neighbor  association rules  time series  regression trees
  Thank you for visiting my profile.   I am a data analytics professional working on online retail and marketing analytics to improve business performance for our clients in the US.  I work in a fast paced competitive environment on cutting-edge technologies of data extraction and aggregation  visualisation  analytical modelling  actionable insights generation and predictive modeling using machine learning frameworks.   I love to interact with people and discuss about anything under the sky or beyond. Feel free to start a conversation :)  
  November 19    
 Programmer - Data Science Enthusiast - Computer Gamer - Day Trader - Pet Lover / Rescue Volunteer  Have some degrees in Engineering - Worked in three continents - Travelled around the world - Speak some languages Life is short - Work Hard - Play Hard  
  2 years of Advanced analytics experience in Customer Loyalty domain. - Presently working for one of the world's leading technology companies in Internet related services and products.  I am hands on in Python  R and SQL and have worked upon various projects involving campaign analysis using A/B tests  building predictive models to identify customers who would churn  potential customers for upsell campaigns etc.  
 Data Scientist with 8 years of experience in solving many real-world business problems across different domains  with proficiency in developing and deploying machine learning models.   Im_Disha  
  * Experienced  top-notch software professional who has been involved for over 20 years in design  development and deployment of complex and mission-critical systems as Chief Architect  Lead Developer and Project Manager.  * Strong enterprise focus and exceptional architecture/communication skills.  * Participated in and played an active lead role on high-profile projects for market leaders such as Bloomberg  NASDAQ  Microsoft  Merrill Lynch  H&R Block
  Website: https://orysyastus.github.io/ GitHub: https://github.com/OrysyaStus  If you would like to further contact me  please message me or send an email to: orysyastus2012 [at] gmail [dot] com  
  November 17   Data Scientist @ HGS Digital Skills: C  C++  Python Area of Interest: Data Science  Data Structure & Algorithm Computer Vision  Machine Learning M.TECH (CSE)-M.I.T. Manipal B.TECH (CSE)-CHARUSAT-Anand  
  Torture the data  and it will confess to anything.  - Ronald Coase (Nobel Prize winning economist)  Data enthusiast and a programmer with the desire to solve the business problems using Data Science related techniques.I am excited about using data to solve interesting and impactful problems.  Skills ● Statistical analysis and data visualization using R  Python  SQL and Tableau ● Experience with Data Mining and Machine Learning algorithms and implementations on Big Data Sets in R and Python thereby leveraging the power of parallel computation ● Experience working with H2O (World’s leading open source Deep Learning Platform) Algorithms on Big Data Sets using R and Python. ● Experienced with the implementation of Deep Learning Algorithms (AutoEncoders and Deep Features) ● Interactive data visualization platform development using R Shiny and  ggplot2. ● Data processing pipeline building using Linux  Python  R Spark and Hadoop.  Contact Details : Email : gauravdhingra29@gmail.com Mobile : +1(469)-951-9355  
 September 9   IBM certified Data Science professional with  8 years of experience in all phases of diverse technology projects specializing in Data Science & Analytics  Data Warehousing  Azure Machine Learning and Tableau.  Team builder with excellent communications  time & resource management & continuous client relationship development skills.    Ability (and hunger) to learn new data science  techniques  methodologies  software modules to answer business questions—I’m always looking for a more direct way of answering the business question  Wide breadth of programming experience including Python  R  SQL
